Pterocarpus indicus ( commonly known as Amboyna wood , Malay padauk , Papua New Guinea rosewood , Philippine mahogany , Andaman redwood , Burmese rosewood , narra , angsana , or Pashu padauk ) is a species of " Pterocarpus " native to southeastern Asia , northern Australasia , and the western Pacific Ocean islands , in Cambodia , southernmost China , East Timor , Indonesia , Malaysia , Papua New Guinea , the Philippines , the Ryukyu Islands , the Solomon Islands , Thailand , and Vietnam .
A romantic friendship , passionate friendship , or affectionate friendship is a very close but typically non-sexual relationship between friends , often involving a degree of physical closeness .
Rocky Balboa is starring Sylvester Stallone .  A 2006 American boxing sports drama film written , were directed by .
Janakinath Bose ( 28 May 1860 -- 1934 ) was an Indian lawyer and advocate .  An Indian lawyer was the father of Subhas Chandra Bose .
This was to the study and design of modern technology .  Biological methods and systems were found in nature .
The Ilyushin Il-18 ( ; NATO reporting name : Coot ) is a large turboprop airliner .  A large turboprop airliner first flew in 1957 .
The seals , phocids or true seals are one of the three main groups of mammals within the seal lineage , Pinnipedia .
A MUD ( ; originally Multi-User Dungeon , with later variants Multi-User Dimension and Multi-User Domain ) is a multiplayer real-time virtual world , usually text-based .
The Confederation of African Football or CAF is the administrative and controlling body for African association football .
Blantyre ( or ; ) is a town and civil parish in South Lanarkshire , Scotland .
Wangari ̃ Muta Maathai ( wa ̀ ɡa ̀ ˈɹɛ - PIPE - m - PIPE - ɑː - PIPE - ˈ - PIPE - t - PIPE - aɪ ; 1 April 1940 -- 25 September 2011 ) was a renowned Kenyan social , environmental and political activist and the first African woman to win the Nobel Prize .
A decade of the Julian Calendar began on January 1 , 1000 .
The Mil Mi-6 ( NATO reporting name Hook ) were given the article number " izdeliye 50 " and company designation V-6 .
The Society for Worldwide Interbank Financial Telecommunication ( SWIFT ) , legally S.
George Bailey Sansom ( 28 November 1883 -- 8 March 1965 ) was a British diplomat and historian of pre-modern Japan , particularly noted for his attention to Japanese society and culture .
The Pallas \'s cat ( " Otocolobus manul " ) , also called manul , is a small wild cat with a broad but fragmented distribution in the grasslands and montane steppes of Central Asia .
Takeo Gerard Spikes ( ; born December 17 , 1976 ) is a former American football linebacker who played in the National Football League ( NFL ) .
The Ilyushin Il-14 ( NATO reporting name : Crate ) was a Soviet twin-engine commercial and military personnel and cargo transport aircraft .  Cargo transport aircraft first entered service in 1954 .
This is for the creation and development of the C + + programming language .  Bjarne Stroustrup ( ; -RSB- ; born 30 December 1950 ) is a Danish computer scientist , most notable .
The Canadian Operational Support Command ( CANOSCOM ) ( in French : " Commandement du soutien ope ́ Canada " or " COMSOCAN " ) was one of seven commands of the Canadian Forces ( CF ) .
The Mercedes-Benz Axor was a truck .  Mercedes-Benz was designed to fill the gap between the premium Actros tractors .
Artemisia absinthium ( wormwood ) is a species of " Artemisia " native to temperate regions of Eurasia and Northern Africa and widely naturalized in the northern United States .
Tajal Chan Ahk was an 8th-century ruler of the Maya city Cancue ́ n .  The Maya city Cancue ́ n 's rule lasted from 757 to c .
This was in an electric power system .  Electrical disconnect switches were used to control , protect and isolate electrical equipment .
Mohammed Hanif ( born November 1964 ) is a British Pakistani writer and journalist .  Journalist writes a monthly opinion piece in " The New York Times .
Streets of Rage ( ヘ アナックル 怒りの鉄拳 ) is a side-scrolling beat \' em up video game .  This was for the Mega Drive / Genesis .
The Antonov An-72 ( NATO reporting name : Coaler ) is a Soviet / Ukrainian transport aircraft , developed by Antonov .

A head tie is a women 's cloth head scarf that is commonly worn in many parts of Southern Africa and Western Africa .
Alburnoides kubanicus is a species of freshwater fish in the family Cyprinidae .
Face detection is a computer technology being used in a variety of applications .
Mega Man X2 , known as Rockman X2 ( ロックマンX2 ) in Japan , is a video game developed by Capcom for the Super Nintendo Entertainment System ( SNES ) .
A Tropical Cyclone Formation Alert ( TCFA ) is a bulletin .  A bulletin was released by the U. .
Louis Alexandre Chiron ( 3 August 1899 -- 22 June 1979 ) was a Mone ́ gasque racing driver .  A Mone ́ gasque racing driver competed in rallies .
The best global and most important performance is ever officially verified in sport .
A tank car ( International Union of Railways ( UIC ) : tank wagon ) is a type of railroad car ( UIC : railway car ) or rolling stock designed to transport liquid and gaseous commodities .
The Yakovlev Yak-18 ( ; NATO reporting Max ) was a tandem two-seat military primary trainer aircraft manufactured in the Soviet Union .

Nicolas Peifer , unseeded Frenchman surrendered .  Shingo Kunieda defend his 2009 title .
The year 1861 in architecture involved new buildings .
This was by Bruce Pavitt .  A record label was founded in 1986 .
This was in public transport .  A request stop , flag stop , or whistle stop is a stop or station or airport at which trains , buses or airline flights respectively stop only on request ; or freight to be picked up or dropped off .
The flag of Iraq includes the three equal horizontal red , white , and black stripes of the Arab Liberation flag .
The Straits of Florida , Florida Straits , or Florida Strait is a strait located south-southeast of the North American mainland , generally accepted to be between the Gulf of Mexico and the Atlantic Ocean , and between the Florida Keys ( U.
Fueled By Ramen LLC is an American record label owned by Warner Music Group and distributed by Elektra Records .
Red Stripe is a 4 .
Geoffrey Noel Blake ( 9 April 1914 -- 1991 ) was an English athlete who competed in the 1934 British Empire Games .
Bedtime Stories is a 2008 American fantasy comedy film directed by Adam Shankman and written by Matt Lopez .
Andy Raymond Schleck ( -RSB- ; born 10 June 1985 ) is a Luxembourgish former professional road bicycle racer .
Sergey Vladimirovich Ilyushin ( ; 30 March O.
The Mil Mi-10 ( NATO reporting Harke ) is a Soviet military transport helicopter of flying crane configuration , developed from the Mi-6 .
A 2002 American comedy-drama road film was set in Georgia .
The Greco-Roman world , Greco-Roman culture , or the term Greco-Roman ( or ) ; spelled Graeco-Roman in the United Kingdom and the Commonwealth ) understood by modern scholars and writers , refers to those geographical regions and countries that culturally ( and so historically ) were directly and intimately influenced by the language .
Tityos or Tityus ( Ancient Greek : Τιτυο ́ ς ) was a giant from Greek mythology .
Karl Wilhelm Scheibler ( , 1 September 1820 -- 13 April 1881 ) was a German-born Polish industrialist , businessman and textile manufacturer .
Nandi ( , , , , ) is the gate-guardian deity of Kailasa , the abode of Lord Shiva .
The Jet Propulsion Laboratory ( JPL ) is NASA field center in La Can ̃ Flintridge United States , though it is often referred to as residing in Pasadena , California because it has a Pasadena ZIP Code .
This is in the field of English language teaching .  The British Council recognise and celebrate innovation .
This was from 1180 to 1223 .  Philip II ( 21 August 1165 -- 14 July 1223 ) were known as Philip Augustus .
Hot sauce is any condiment .  Seasoning was made from chili peppers and other ingredients .
Moreland is a census-designated place in Bingham County , Idaho , United States .
The flag of South Korea known as the Taegukgi ) , has three parts : a white rectangular background , a red and blue Taegeuk in its center , and four black trigrams one .
Methods of Mayhem is an American rock band .  This was by Tommy Lee .
Nelson Lagoon ( Unangax ̂ : " Niilsanam Alg ̂ uudaa " ) is a census-designated place ( CDP ) in Aleutians East Borough .
This is in linear algebra .  Two vectors in an inner product space are orthonormal if they are orthogonal and unit vectors .
Encyclopaedia Metallum : The Metal Archives ( commonly known as Metal Archives per the URL or just MA ) is a website which lists bands of predominantly heavy metal music .
Center Ridge is an unincorporated census-designated place in Conway County , Arkansas , United States .

This is in the genus " Stigmatomma .  Stigmatomma saundersi is a species of ant " .
The Portulacaceae are a family of flowering plants .  A family of flowering plants is comprising 115 species in a single genus " Portulaca " .
John George Kemeny ( born Keme ́ ny Ja ́ nos Gyo ̈ rgy ; May 31 , 1926 -- December 26 , 1992 ) was computer scientist .
Tun Haji Abdul Razak bin Dato ' Hussein SMN KStJ ( 11 March 1922 - 14 January 1976 ) was the second Prime Minister of Malaysia .  The second Prime Minister of Malaysia was serving from 1970 to 1976 .
Asterales is an order of dicotyledonous flowering plants ( or Compositae ) known for composite flowers , and ten families related to the Asteraceae .
Hydra the Revenge ( sometimes simply shortened to Hydra ) is a steel Floorless Coaster at Dorney Park & Wildwater Kingdom in Allentown , Pennsylvania , United States .
The brahminy river turtle or crowned river turtle ( " Hardella thurjii " ) is a species of turtle in the family Geoemydidae .
Garden Valley is an unincorporated census-designated place in Boise County , Idaho , United States .
Jewel of the Seas is a " Radiance " .  Class cruise ship operated a " Radiance by Royal Caribbean .

Sranan Tongo ( also Sranantongo " Surinamese tongue " ) is an English-based creole language that is spoken as a " lingua franca " .
This was to December 31 , 939 .  The 930s decade ran from January 1 , 930 .
The Luxembourgish Wikipedia ( " " ) is the Luxembourgish language version of Wikipedia .
The Coast Miwok are an indigenous people that was the second largest group of Miwok people .
The National Association for the Advancement of Colored People ( NAACP ) is a civil rights organization in the United States , formed in 1909 as a bi-racial endeavor to advance justice for African Americans by a group including W.
The 2013 San Diego Padres season was their 45th season in MLB .
A kitchen utensil was used primarily to measure the volume of liquid or bulk solid cooking ingredients such as flour and sugar .
A whistle is an instrument .  An instrument produces sound from a stream of gas , most commonly air .
Objectification is the act of treating a person as an object or a thing .
Cutout animation is a form of stop-motion animation using flat characters , props and backgrounds cut from materials such as paper , card , stiff fabric or even photographs .
Robert Moses " Lefty " Grove ( March 6 , 1900 -- May 22 , 1975 ) was an American professional baseball pitcher .
The Spengler Cup is an annual invitational ice hockey tournament .
Mastitis is inflammation of the breast or udder .
Is one of the twenty nine districts of Sindh province in Pakistan .
Robbie Neale ( born April 17 , 1953 ) is a Canadian retired ice hockey forward .  A Canadian retired ice hockey forward played 59 games .
The " Dokko ̄ do ̄ " ( Japanese : 獨行道 ) ( " The Path of Aloneness " , " The Way to Go Forth Alone " , or " The Way of Walking Alone " ) , is a short work .  A short work was written by Miyamoto Musashi ( 宮本 武蔵 ) a week .
The 2009 -- 10 Nashville Predators season is the Nashville Predators ' 12th season in the National Hockey League .
The Authorization for Use of Military Force Against Iraq Resolution of 2002 is a joint resolution passed by the United States Congress in October 2002 as Public Law No .  The Authorization for Use of Military Force Against Iraq Resolution of 2002 was informally known as the Iraq Resolution .
Sha Tin Racecourse is one of the two racecourses for horse racing in Hong Kong .
A Roman Catholic church was located in Limoges , France .
A girth is a piece of equipment .  Equipment was used to keep the saddle in place .
The zheng or guzheng , also known as a Chinese zither , is a Chinese plucked string instrument with a more than 2,500-year history .
Bruce George Gamble ( May 24 , 1938 -- December 29 , 1982 ) was a professional ice hockey goaltender .  A professional ice hockey goaltender played in the NHL between 1962 and 1972 .
Mikhail Vasilyevich Alekseyev ( 15 November O.
Labiodentals are consonants articulated with the lower lip and the upper teeth .
Chordoma is a rare slow-growing neoplasm thought to arise from cellular remnants of the notochord .
Stanisław Mateusz Ignacy Wyspian ́ ski ( -RSB- ; 15 January 1869 -- 28 November 1907 ) was a Polish playwright , painter and poet , as well as interior and furniture designer .
Warship was a post-hardcore band formed in Long Island in 2008 .
Takikomi gohan ( 炊き込みこ 飯 ) is a Japanese rice dish seasoned with dashi and soy sauce along with mushrooms , vegetables , meat , or fish .
Bad Santa is a 2003 American black comedy film directed by Terry Zwigoff and written by Glenn Ficarra .
Neofelis is a genus comprising two extant cat species from Southeast Asia .  Neofelis is the clouded leopard ( " Neofelis nebulosa " ) of Asia .
This is as " de facto " .  The star and crescent ( " crescent-star " ) design from the national flag is in use .
Suspension is the system of tires .  The system of tires , tire air , springs , shock absorbers and linkages connects a vehicle .
The NHL Winter Classic is one of three series of regular season .  Outdoor games played in the National Hockey League ( NHL ) .
Tetrahydrocannabinol ( THC ) is one of at least 113 cannabinoids identified in cannabis .
The BBC Radio 2 Electric Proms ( formerly the BBC Electric Proms ) was an October music festival in London run by the BBC for five years .
The jig is a form of lively folk dance in compound metre , as well as the accompanying dance tune .
Autocephaly ( ; from , meaning " property of being self-headed " ) is the status of a hierarchical Christian Church whose head bishop does not report to any higher-ranking bishop .
Jama Masjid was a 17th-century mosque .  On 6 June 2006 , two explosions occurred in the courtyard of Jama Masjid in Old Delhi ( India ) .
A seaplane is a powered fixed-wing aircraft capable of taking off and landing ( alighting ) on water .
Euphlyctis ghoshi ( Manipur frog ) is a species of frog .
Hung Ga Kuen ( 洪家拳 ) is a southern Chinese martial art ( Cantonese , to be more specific ) .
Constituency PK-95 ( Lower Dir-II ) is a constituency for the Khyber Pakhtunkhwa Assembly of the Khyber Pakhtunkhwa province of Pakistan .
An ancient and simple binding knot were used to secure a rope or line around an object .
James Matthew Dewees ( born March 13 , 1976 ) is an American musician best known for his work with The Get Up Kids , Reggie and the Full Effect and My Chemical Romance .
" Free Bird " , or " Freebird " , is a power ballad performed by Lynyrd Skynyrd .
The Inheritance Cycle is a tetralogy of young adult high fantasy novels .
Przemysł II ( -RSB- also given in English and Latin as " Premyslas " or " Premislaus " or less properly " " ; 14 October 1257 -- 8 February 1296 ) , was the Duke of Poznan ́ from 1257 -- 1279 -- 1296 -- 1291 , and Pomerania ( Pomerelia ) from 1294 -- 1296 , and then King of Poland .
The Battery Electric Multiple Unit was an experimental two-car battery electric multiple unit , converted from the prototype Derby Lightweight Diesel multiple units .
This is such as firewood , charcoal , chips , sheets , pellets , and sawdust .
Charles Doyle Haas II ( born March 27 , 1972 ) is amateur wrestler .
James Ware ( born June 20 , 1957 ) , better known by his ring name Koko B.
EA Sports NASCAR was a series of NASCAR video games published by EA Sports .
Blanchard is an unincorporated census-designated place in Bonner County , Idaho , United States .
The black francolin ( " Francolinus francolinus " ) is a gamebird in the pheasant family Phasianidae of the order Galliformes , gallinaceous birds .
The Southern Railway ( SR ) in the UK gave the designation SL to the fleet of AC " overhead " electric multiple units used on the South London Line between London Bridge station .
The kkwaenggwari ( -RSB- ) is a small flat gong used primarily in folk music of Korea .
Pavel Osipovich Sukhoi ( ; , " Paviel Vosipavic ̌ Suchi " ) ( 22 July 1895 -- 15 September 1975 ) was a soviet aerospace engineer .
Maroons were Africans and their descendants in the Americas who formed settlements away from New World chattel slavery .
A semi-presidential system or dual executive system is a system of government in which a president exists alongside a prime minister and a cabinet .
The Tupolev Tu-154 ( ; NATO reporting name : " Careless " ) is a three-engine medium-range narrow-body airliner designed in the mid-1960s and manufactured by Tupolev .
Robie Creek is a census-designated place in Boise County , Idaho , United States .
Ce ́ gep de Saint-Hyacinthe is a CEGEP ( College of General and Vocational Education ) located at 3000 Boulle ́ Street .
Victor Andreevich Skumin ( Russian : , born 30 August 1948 ) is a Russian and Soviet scientist , psychiatrist , psychotherapist and psychologist .
Kim Clijsters successfully defended her 2009 title , in .  Kim Clijsters successfully was defeating Vera Zvonareva in the final -- 2 -- 1 .
The Volkswagen Tiguan is a compact crossover vehicle ( CUV ) manufactured by Volkswagen .
The Asian arowana ( " Scleropages formosus " ) comprises several phenotypic varieties of freshwater fish .
This was pope Valentine ( in Latin : " .  Valentinus " ; died 10 October 827 ) was ruler of the Papal States .
A sociolect is a form of language ( non-standard dialect ) .  Lexical items were used by an age group .
A bobby pin ( also known as a kirby grip or hair grip in the United Kingdom ) is a type of hairpin of metal or plastic .
Douglas Clayton Durdle ( born 1 September 1972 ) is an English retired professional wrestler .  An English retired professional wrestler was better known by Doug Williams .
The Tabarestan riffle minnow ( " Alburnoides tabarestanensis " ) is a species of freshwater fish in the family Cyprinidae .
An informal , often short , video is writing .  A how-to is an informal , often short , video or description of how to accomplish a specific task .
In typesetting by hand compositing , a sort or type is a piece of type representing a particular letter or symbol , cast from a matrix mold and assembled with other sorts bearing additional letters into lines of type to make up a " form " from which a page is printed .
This was such as churches , mosques , stupas , synagogues , and temples .  A religious architectural practice was concerned with the design and construction of places of worship or sacred or intentional space .
Amolops himalayanus ( Himalaya sucker frog , Himalaya cascade frog , or Himalaya frog ) is a species of frog .
Frierson is an unincorporated community and census-designated place ( CDP ) in DeSoto Parish .
Secure copy protocol ( SCP ) is a means of securely transferring computer files between a remote host or between two remote hosts .
Bikaner Division is one of the administrative geographical unit .  The administrative geographical unit was called a division .
The current coat of arms of Bahrain is a coat of arms .  This was by Charles Belgrave .
A nuclide is produced by a process of radioactive decay .
Shiira ( シイラ , Japanese for the common dolphin-fish ) is a discontinued open source web browser for the Mac OS X operating system .
The Manyas spirlin ( " Alburnoides manyasensis " ) is a species of minnow that is endemic to the Simav River drainage of Lake Kus ̧ in Turkey .
The babygirl and the flowerpot ( Vietnamese : " Em be ́ va ̀ lo ̣ hoa " ) is a 1970 Vietnamese animated film .
Betulaceae is the birch family .  This is including the birches , alders , hazels , hornbeams , hazel-hornbeam , and hop-hornbeams numbering a total of 167 species .
A 14-seat , twin-engined airliner was produced by Douglas Aircraft Corporation starting in 1934 .
Llanito or Yanito ( pronounced -RSB- ) is a form of Spanish heavily laced with words from English and other languages , such as Ligurian ; it is spoken in the British overseas territory of Gibraltar .
Puliuru Jian ( 普六茹堅 ) was Nryana .  Yang Jian ( 楊堅 ) was Sui ( 隋文帝 ; 21 July 541 -- 13 August 604 ) .
The Beriev A-40 " Albatros " ( NATO reporting name : Mermaid ) is a Soviet / Russian jet engine amphibious aircraft role .  Aircraft was designed by the Beriev Aircraft Company for the anti-submarine warfare .
Ricardo Luiz Zonta ( born March 23 , 1976 ) is a Brazilian professional racing driver .
Bermudo III or Vermudo III ( c .
Zingiberaceae or the ginger family is a family of flowering plants .  Flowering plants were creeping horizontal or tuberous rhizomes distributed throughout tropical Africa .
The All India Trinamool Congress ( abbreviated AITC or TMC ) is a centre-left regional political party in India .
Padua " Gino Allegri " Airport is an airport .  An airport is serving Padua , Veneto , Italy .
Woody Stephens ( September 1 , 1913 -- August 22 , 1998 ) was an American Thoroughbred horse racing Hall of Fame trainer .
Princess Elizabeth ( Elizabeth Caroline ; 10 January 1741 -- 4 September 1759 ) was a member of the British Royal Family , a grandchild of King George II and sister of King George III .
A product was used primarily to give lips a glossy lustre , and sometimes to add a subtle color .
( abbreviation : HKT ; ) is the time in Hong Kong Hong Kong Time .
This was from 1882 to 1891 .  A professional baseball league existed for 10 seasons .
The 960s decade ran from January 1 , 960 , to December 31 , 969 .
Schwartz -- Jampel syndrome ( SJS ) is a rare genetic disease caused by a mutation in the " HSPG2 " gene , which makes the protein perlecan , and causes osteochondrodysplasia associated with myotonia .
A Chinese martial art is originating with the Hakka people .
Transcutaneous electrical nerve stimulation ( TENS or TNS ) is the use of electric current .  Electric current was produced by a device to stimulate the nerves for therapeutic purposes .
A Dutch female fronted heavy rock band was formed in 1995 .
A box truck -- also known as a cube truck , cube van , rolling toaster or box van -- is a chassis cab truck with an enclosed cuboid-shaped cargo area .
A decade of the Gregorian calendar began on January 1 , 1910 , and ended on December 31 , 1919 .
Athletes from the West Indies Federation competed under the name " Antilles " ( ANT ) at the 1960 Summer Olympics in Rome , Italy .
Krokus are a hard rock and heavy metal band from Switzerland .
Cypress is a common name for various coniferous trees or shrubs of northern temperate regions .
Michel Bernard was the head of the " Agence nationale pour l \'em ploi " from 1995 to 2005 .  Michel Bernard was born the 1st of March 1943 at Bourges , graduate of E ́ cole Polytechnique ( promotion 1964 ) and E ́ cole nationale de l ` aviation civile ( promotion 1967 ) .
Karim Findi ( 1946 , Duhok , Kurdistan Region - Iraq ) is an author and Kurdish writer .
A city council is the legislative body .  The legislative body governs local government area .
This was for 30 years .  Hoa ̀ ng Hoa Tha ́ m ( Ha ́ n tu ̛ ̣ : , 1858 - 1913 ) also known as Commander Tha ́ m , was an Annamese feudal lord of Ye ̂ n The ̂ ́ , holding out against French control in Tonkin .
The Himalayan newt ( " Tylototriton verrucosus " ) is a species of newt found in the Indian subcontinent and Southeast Asia .
A designation was used for people of full or partial Sub-Saharan African descent .  Full are citizens or permanent residents of Canada .
BBC Radio 6 Music ( also known as BBC 6 Music or BBC 6 ) is a digital radio station .
Parham \'s riffle minnow ( " Alburnoides parhami " ) is a species of small ( 10 .
The Cotswold Line is an 86 + 1/2 mi railway line between and in England .
The Tupolev Tu-14 ( NATO reporting name : Bosun ) ( USAF / DOD reporting name : Type 35 ) , was a Soviet twinjet light bomber .
Any material is rendered useless during a manufacturing process such as that of factories , industries , mills , and mining operations .
Johann Christoph Friedrich von Schiller ( -RSB- ; 10 November 17599 May 1805 ) was a German poet , philosopher , physician , historian , and playwright .
Catalogue of the Archbishops of Gniezno is an illuminated manuscript by Jan Długosz .
The Antonov An-148 is a regional jet designed and built by Antonov of Ukraine .
A postage meter or franking machine is a mechanical device ( or franking ) to mailed matter .
An extreme metal band from Denmark was formed in 1991 .
Robert Catesby ( born no earlier than 3 March 1572 , died 8 November 1605 ) was the leader of a group of English Catholics .
Bagrat III ( Georgian : ) ( 1495-1565 ) , of the Bagrationi dynasty , was a King of Imereti from April 1 , 1510 , to 1565 .
Part of Wabtec Corporation , based at Loughborough in Leicestershire , UK , and situated alongside the Midland Main Line were railway locomotives .
This was inside a cathedral .  A chapel was dedicated to " Our Lady " , the Blessed Virgin Mary those .
Turkish Kurdistan or Northern Kurdistan is the portion of Turkey where Kurds form the predominant ethnic group .
Canadian citizens identify themselves as being of full or partial Norwegian ancestry , or people who emigrated from Norway .  Canadian citizens reside in Canada .
This was in Allegheny County , Pennsylvania , United States .
Thermal decomposition , or thermolysis , is a chemical decomposition .  A chemical decomposition was caused by heat .
An American magazine magnate was called " the most influential private citizen in the America of his day " .
Henry II ( ; ) ( 6 May 973 -- 13 July 1024 ) , also known as Saint Henry the Exuberant , Obl .
This was by Jim Zavos .  EzyDVD is founded in Adelaide , Australia in 1999 .
A principle is claiming that the structure of a language affects its speakers ' world view or cognition .  Linguistic relativity is known as the Sapir .
Hiram Emerson McCallum ( August 14 , 1899 -- January 13 , 1989 ) was a mayor of Toronto , Ontario from 1948-1951 .
Mervyn Laurence Peake ( 9 July 1911 -- 17 November 1968 ) was an English writer , artist , poet , and illustrator .
BBC Music Introducing is BBC Radio 's platform supporting unsigned , undiscovered , and under-the-radar UK talent .
Vachellia horrida is a low spreading shrub or sometimes tree native to both the wet and dry scrublands of tropical to subtropical East Africa .
Nicholas Taylor and David Wagner won in the final 6 -- 1 , 6 -- 7 ( 5 ) , 6 -- 3 against Johan Andersson and Peter Norfolk .
An inverted roller coaster was located at Six Fiesta Texas in San Antonio , Texas .
The flag of North Macedonia depicts a stylized yellow sun on a red field , with eight .  Eight broadening rays are extending from the center to the edge of the field .
Taikai was hachi-kai Orinpikku Kyo ̄ gi .  The 1964 Summer Olympics was an international multi-sport event held in Tokyo , Japan , from 10 to 24 October 1964 .
A conflict of interest ( COI ) is a situation in which a person or organization is involved in multiple interests , financial or otherwise .
Julian Karol Sochocki ( ; ; February 2 , 1842 in Warsaw , Congress Poland , Russian Empire -- December 14 , 1927 in Leningrad , Soviet Union ) was a Russian-Polish mathematician .
Return to Castle Wolfenstein is a first-person shooter video game published by Activision , released on November 19 , 2001 for Microsoft Windows and subsequently for PlayStation 2 .
The Tata Indica is a supermini car launched by the Indian manufacturer Tata Motors in 1998 .
" Tony \'s Cronies " is a term in British politics and media given to people who were viewed as being given positions of power because of their personal friendships with Tony Blair , during his premiership between 1997 and 2007 .
The crow family is Corvidae .  Jays are several species of medium-sized passerine birds in the crow family .
Reunified Vietnam follows ( ICT ) , ICT is used all year round as Vietnam does not observe daylight saving time .
This is typically by using two or more turntables .  Turntablism is the art of manipulating sounds and creating mixes .
Conoidasida is a class of parasitic alveolates in the phylum Apicomplexa .
A sled is a land vehicle .  A land vehicle slides across the surface of ice or snow .
The Pacific Plate is an oceanic tectonic plate that lies beneath the Pacific Ocean .
A person keeps honey bees .
Charles Bonnet ( -RSB- ; 13 March 1720 -- 20 May 1793 ) was a Genevan naturalist and philosophical writer .
The PlayStation Store ( also abbreviated as PSN Store ) is a digital media store available to users of Sony 's PlayStation 3 , PlayStation 4 , PlayStation Vita and PlayStation Portable game consoles via the PlayStation Network .
Alan Moore ( born 18 November 1953 ) is an English writer known primarily for his work in comic books including " Watchmen " , " V for Vendetta " , " The Ballad of Halo Jones " , " Swamp Thing " , and " From Hell " .
The Lockheed Martin F-35 Lightning II is a family of single-seat , single-engine , all-weather , stealth , fifth-generation , multirole combat aircraft , designed for ground-attack and air-superiority missions .
The vihuela ( -RSB- ) is a guitar-shaped string instrument from 15th .  16th-century Spain , Portugal and Italy with five or six doubled strings .
In architecture , a hypostyle hall has a roof which is supported by columns .
A mute is a device fitted to a musical instrument to alter the sound produced : by affecting the timbre ( or " tone " ) , reducing the volume .
Qaisra Shahraz is a British-Pakistani novelist .  Qaisra Shahraz is freelance journalist .
Stephen III of Moldavia was voivode ( or prince ) of Moldavia from 1457 to 1504 .  Stephen III of Moldavia was known as Stephen the Great ( ; died on 2 July 1504 ) .
The Nagorno-Karabakh War was an ethnic and territorial conflict that took place in the late 1980s to May 1994 , in the enclave of Nagorno-Karabakh in southwestern Azerbaijan , between the majority ethnic Armenians of Nagorno-Karabakh backed by the Republic of Armenia , and the Republic of Azerbaijan .
The Antonov An-74 ( NATO reporting name : Coaler ) is a Soviet / Ukrainian transport aircraft developed by Antonov .
Powerwolf is a German power metal band from Saarbru ̈ cken .  Saarbru ̈ cken was created in 2003 .
The rubber boa ( " Charina bottae " ) is a species of snake in the family Boidae .
Achille Beltrame ( March 18 , 1871 in Arzignano -- February 19 , 1945 in Milan ) , was an Italian painter and illustrator .
Douglas Jackson ( December 12 , 1924 -- April 26 , 1980 ) was a Canadian professional ice hockey goaltender who played six games in the National Hockey League with the Chicago Black Hawks during the 1947 -- 48 NHL season .
Avatar Airbender is an Intamin roller coaster themed after the TV series " " located at Nickelodeon Universe in the Mall of America in Bloomington , Minnesota .
The Antonov An-3 is a Soviet ( later Ukrainian and Russian ) civil multipurpose and agricultural aircraft .
The western tragopan or western horned tragopan ( " Tragopan melanocephalus " ) is a medium-sized brightly plumed pheasant .  This was in northern Pakistan .
The year 2007 involved discoveries , some of which are listed below .
Alexander Sergeyevich Yakovlev ( ; 1 April O.
A decade of the Julian Calendar began on January 1 , 1230 , and ended on December 31 , 1239 .
s of 2011 India census , Arackal had a population of 16739 with 7964 males and 8776 females .
Xenotransplantation ( " xenos - " from the Greek meaning " foreign " or strange ) , or heterologous transplant is the transplantation of living cells , tissues or organs from one species to another .
Trever Keith was bassist Matt Riddle and drummer Rob Kurth .  Face to Face is a punk rock band from Victorville , California , formed in 1991 Trever Keith .
A fried egg is a cooked dish .  One or more eggs are placed into a pan .
Throwdown is an American straight edge metalcore band from Orange County , California .
Patrick Christopher Steptoe CBE FRS ( 9 June 1913 , Oxford , England -- 21 March 1988 , Canterbury ) was a pioneer of fertility treatment .
Christian Gottlob Neefe ( -RSB- ; 5 February 1748 -- 28 January 1798 ) was conductor .
An electric multiple unit or EMU is a multiple-unit train .  A multiple-unit train is using electricity as the motive power .
Henri Charles Wilfrid Laurier was Sir .  Henri Charles Wilfrid Laurier ( ; -RSB- ; 20 November 1841 -- 17 February 1919 ) was the seventh prime minister of Canada , in office from 11 July 1896 to 6 October 1911 .
Benjamin Stoddert ( 1744 -- December 18 , 1813 ) was the first United States Secretary of the Navy from May 1 , 1798 , to March 31 , 1801 .
The Ilyushin Il-78 ( ; NATO reporting Midas ) is a Soviet four-engined aerial refueling tanker based on the Il-76 strategic airlifter .
The ( Latin for " Arithmetical Investigations " ) is a textbook of number theory written in Latin by Carl Friedrich Gauss in 1798 when Gauss was 21 and first published in 1801 when he was 24 .
A bodice is an article of clothing for women and girls .  This is from the neck to the waist .
The Volvo B10BLE was a low-entry single-decker bus chassis .
An 4,208 acre island was located in Maine 's Moosehead Lake .
A handheld game console is a small , portable self-contained video game console with a built-in screen , game controls , and speakers .
San Gallo was Antonio da .  Sangallo the Younger ( 12 April 14843 August 1546 ) was an Italian architect active during the Renaissance in Rome and the Papal States .
The Slovaks ( or Slovakians ; , singular : " Slova ) are a nation .  West Slavic ethnic group native to Slovakia share a common ancestry and speak the Slovak language .
A software company is a company .  A company 's primary are various forms of software .
Vigilantism is the act of enacting perceived justice summarily and without legal authority .
Christiane Giscard is Anne-Aymone Marie Jose ̀ phe .  Christiane Giscard d ` Estaing ( ne ́ e Sauvage de Brantes ; born 10 April 1933 ) , is the wife of former President of France Vale ́ Giscard d ` Estaing .
The incus or anvil is a bone in the middle ear .
In geometry , a vertex figure is the figure exposed when a corner of a polyhedron or polytope is sliced off .
The 1950s ( pronounced " nineteen-fifties " ; commonly abbreviated as the fifties ( among other variants ) ) was a decade of the Gregorian calendar .
Hammerfall is the Swedish power metal band .  He left in 1997 , but rejoined in 2007 Hammerfall .
The Dark Tower is a series of eight books and one short story written by Stephen King including dark fantasy , science fantasy , horror , and Western .
Bombardier Movia is a family of metro train built by Bombardier Transportation .
Aristide Massaccesi ( 15 December 1936 -- 23 January 1999 ) were known professionally as Joe D ` Amato .  An Italian film producer is best known for his horror , erotic and adult films .
Abhaya Carana ̄ ravinda Bhaktiveda ̄ nta Sva ̄ mi ( born Abhay Charan De ; 1 September 1896 -- 14 November 1977 ) was an Indian spiritual teacher and the founder-preceptor of the International Society for Krishna Consciousness ( ISKCON ) , commonly known as the " Hare Krishna Movement " .
The M11 motorway is a 55-mile ( 88 .
The wedge-tailed shearwater ( " Ardenna pacifica " ) is a medium-large shearwater in the seabird family Procellariidae .
The Flag of Wales ( or " " , meaning " the red dragon " ) consists of a red dragon passant on a green and white field .
Language attrition is the process of losing a native , or first , language .
Puzzle Quest : Challenge of the Warlords is a game developed by Australian company Infinite Interactive and published by D3 Publisher .
Chaprot Pass is a mountain pass to the northeast of Mehrbani Peak in the northwest of Chaprote .
Sayyid Bahouddin Naqshband Buxoriy ( 1318 -- 1389 ) was the founder of what would become one of the largest Sufi Muslim orders .
Branchiobdellida are an order of leech-like clitellates that are mostly exoparasites of crayfish .
Landover is an unincorporated community and census-designated place in Prince George 's County .
Francisco Herrera the Younger ( " el Mozo " ; 1622 - 25 August 1685 ) was a Spanish painter .
Sarlahi ( ; Maithili : सर ् लाही ) , a part of Province No .
A cookie cutter in American English and biscuit cutter in Commonwealth English is a tool to cut out cookie / biscuit dough in a particular shape .
Pakistan International Airlines commonly referred by PIA is the national flag carrier of Pakistan .
The 540s decade ran from January 1 , 540 , to December 31 , 549 .
Nick Cave and the Bad Seeds are an Australian rock band formed in Melbourne in 1983 by Nick Cave .
Carpal tunnel syndrome ( CTS ) is a medical condition due to compression of the median nerve .  It travels through the wrist at the carpal tunnel .
A trauma center ( or trauma centre ) is a hospital .  A hospital was equipped and staffed to provide care .

The Government of the Kingdom of Sweden is the national cabinet and the supreme executive authority of Sweden .
Often referred to as simply After Eights , are a brand of mint chocolate .
The United States were established to fund and perform scientific research .  This was as the Carnegie Institution for Science ( CIS ) .
The Ilyushin Il-76 ( ; NATO reporting name : Candid ) is a multi-purpose four-engine turbofan strategic airlifter .
Wind Gap ( Pennsylvania Dutch : " Gratdaal " ) is a borough in Northampton County , Pennsylvania , United States .
Constituency PK-94 ( Lower Dir-I ) is a constituency for the Khyber Pakhtunkhwa Assembly of the Khyber Pakhtunkhwa province of Pakistan .
Flanders ( , ; -RSB- ; -RSB- ; -RSB- ) is the Dutch-speaking northern portion of Belgium .  Flanders ( , ; -RSB- ; -RSB- ; -RSB- ) is one of the communities , regions and language areas of Belgium .
This was on the Isle of Wight , England .
Henryk Adam Aleksander Pius Sienkiewicz ( , -RSB- ; 5 May 1846 -- 15 November 1916 ) was a Polish journalist , novelist and Nobel Prize laureate .

The English Football Hall of Fame is housed at the National Football Museum .
EA Vancouver ( also known as EA Burnaby and formerly known as EA Canada ) is a video game developer .  A video game developer was located in Burnaby , British Columbia .
Decorum ( from the Latin .  Right ) was a principle of classical rhetoric , poetry and theatrical theory of a style to a theatrical subject .
American Canadians are Canadian citizens of American descent , or Canadians who identify to some extent with American society .
Pashayi or Pashai ( Persian : مردم پشه ای ) are a Dardic ethno-linguistic group .  A Dardic ethno-linguistic group is living primarily in eastern Afghanistan .
Aminah bint Wahb ( " " , died 577 AD ) was the mother of the Islamic prophet Muhammad .
The 890s decade ran from January 1 , 890 , to December 31 , 899 .
A 21-string lute-bridge-harp was used extensively in West Africa .

Sangam is a 1997 Pakistani romantic feature film , directed by Syed Noor and starring Resham , Shaan , Saleem Sheikh and Sana .
A spokesperson , or depending on the context or gender spokesman or spokeswoman , is someone engaged or elected to speak on behalf of others .
Shortest Path Bridging ( SPB ) , specified in the IEEE 802 .
Oleg Dmitriyevich Kononenko ( ; born June 21 , 1964 in Turkmenistan ) is a Russian cosmonaut .
Ahmed Al Safi ( , born 1971 ) is an Iraqi sculptor .
Gleba is the spore-bearing inner mass of certain fungi such as the puffball or stinkhorn .
Cardinals , in the family Cardinalidae , are passerine birds found in North and South America .
A Soviet bomber aircraft was an angular monoplane .  The Tupolev TB-1 ( development name ANT-4 ) was a Soviet bomber aircraft .
The Advanced Passenger Train ( APT ) was a tilting high speed train developed by British Rail during the 1970s and early 1980s , for use on the West Coast Main Line ( WCML ) .
The Buffalo Club was an American country music group .  An American country music group was composed of Charlie Kelley ( vocals ) .
The western United States were located in Boise County , Idaho .
Hallopus was a prehistoric reptile , classified by O.
A decade of the Julian Calendar ended on December 31 , 1229 .
The Mil Mi-24 ( ; NATO reporting name : Hind ) is a large helicopter gunship , attack helicopter and low-capacity troop transport with room for eight passengers .
The sheet bend ( also known as becket bend ) is a bend .
Scanlation ( also scanslation ) is editing of comics from a language into another language .
Liane de Pougy ( born Anne Marie Chassaigne ; 2 July 1869 -- 26 December 1950 ) , was dancer .  Dancer were renowned as one of Paris 's most beautiful and notorious courtesans .
The axillary bud ( or lateral bud ) is an embryonic or organogenic shoot .
James III ( 10 July 1451 / May 1452 -- 11 June 1488 ) was King of Scotland from 1460 to 1488 .
Murdo John MacKay ( born August 8 , 1917 in Fort William , Ontario - d .
Scott Allen Young ( born October 1 , 1967 ) is a retired American professional ice hockey right winger .
-RCB- -RCB- On 14 -- 15 February 2015 , three separate shootings occurred in Copenhagen , Denmark .
Philately ( ; ) is the study of stamps .
The Douglas DC-3 is a fixed-wing propeller-driven airliner .  This was in the 1930s and 1940s .
The Birds is a 1963 American horror-thriller film directed and produced by Alfred Hitchcock .
Charles VII or Carl ( Swedish : " Karl Sverkersson " ; c .
The Beyazsu chub ( " Alburnoides emineae " ) is a species of small ( 7 .

Convolvulaceae , known commonly as the bindweed or morning glory family , is a family of about 60 genera and more than 1,650 species of mostly herbaceous vines , but also trees , shrubs and herbs .
There are 66 cities and towns in Moldova .
The Kids is a 1989 American comic science fiction film .
Jumu ` ah ( , " s ̣ ala ̄ t al-jumu ` ah " ) , also known as Friday Prayer or Congregational Prayer , is a prayer ( " s ̣ ala ̄ t " ) .
Metairie ( ; French : " Me ́ tairie " ) is part of the New Orleans metropolitan area .
Trango Glacier is a glacier in the Baltoro Muztagh range of the Karakoram in Baltistan .
" Sweet Dreams ( Are Made of This ) " is a song written and performed by Eurythmics .
Nick Taylor and David Wagner successfully defended their 2009 title by .  Nick Taylor and David Wagner successfully were beating Johan Andersson and Peter .
War ( also spelled Waar ) , also known as War-Jaintia , is an Austroasiatic language spoken by about 16,000 people in Bangladesh and 51,000 people in India .
A transport network , or transportation network is a realisation of a spatial network , describing a structure which permits either vehicular movement or flow of some commodity .
Soest ( -RSB- ) is a Kreis ( district ) in the middle of North Rhine-Westphalia .
Furius ISO Mount is a free and open-source virtual drive software for Linux for mount disc image files including ISO , IMG , BIN , MDF and NRG .
WWE was a Connecticut-based professional wrestling promotion .  WWE Clash of Champions is a professional wrestling event produced annually by WWE and broadcast live and available only through pay-per-view ( PPV ) and the WWE Network .
The striated heron ( " Butorides striata " ) also known as mangrove heron , little heron or green-backed heron , is a small heron , about 44 cm tall .
Mozilla Thunderbird is a free and open-source , chat client developed by the Mozilla Foundation .
Toshi Ko ̄ sokudo ̄ ro was 都市高速道路 .  Urban expressways ( 都市高速道路 ) are intra-city expressways .
The Sugar Bowl is an annual American college football bowl game played in New Orleans , Louisiana .
The Antonov An-8 ( NATO reporting name : Camp ) is a Soviet-designed twin-turboprop , high-wing light military transport aircraft .
Psephology ( ; from Greek , as the Greeks used pebbles as ballots ) is a branch of political science , the " quantitative analysis of elections and balloting " .
An action game was developed and published by Capcom for the Nintendo Entertainment System .
The Class 380 " Desiro " is a type of electric multiple-unit train .  A type of electric multiple-unit train operates on the national railway network in Scotland .
A decade of the Gregorian calendar will begin on January 1 , 2060 , and will end on December 31 , 2069 .
Mikhail Leontyevich Mil ( ; 22 November 1909 -- 31 January 1970 ) , aerospace engineer , scientist .
The Son of a Migrant from Syria is a 2015 mural by Banksy .
Tissue paper or simply tissue is a lightweight paper or , light cre ̂ pe paper .
The Kashmir nuthatch ( " Sitta cashmirensis " ) is a species of bird in the Sittidae family .
The pheasant family Phasianidae was found widely distributed across the high-altitude Himalayan regions of India , Pakistan , Nepal and China .
Manuel " Manolo " Blahnik Rodri ́ guez ( ; born 27 November 1942 ) , is a Spanish fashion designer and founder of the eponymous high-end shoe brand .
A passing loop ( UK usage ) ( also called a crossing loop , crossing place or a hole ) is a place on a single line railway or tramway where trains or trams travelling in opposite directions can pass each other .  A single line railway was often located at or near a station .
Commelinaceae is a family of flowering plants .
Camp Zama ( キャンフ 座間 ) is a United States Army post .  This was in Kanagawa Prefecture , Japan , about 40 km southwest of Tokyo .
Elk City is a census-designated place in Idaho County , Idaho , United States .
The Antonov An-124 " Ruslan " ( NATO reporting name : Condor ) is a strategic airlift quadjet .
Paper is tissue paper that has been coated with sizing ( a glue-like substance ) .
ThaMuseMeant is an American folk-rock quartet .
GPRS Tunneling Protocol ( GTP ) is an group of IP-based communications protocols .  This was within GSM , UMTS and LTE networks .
The Sanctuary of Imam ' Ali is Rashid Caliph .  The Sanctuary of Imam ' Ali , also known as the Mosque of ' Ali is located in Najaf , Iraq .

The Mil Mi-26 ( , NATO reporting name : Halo ) is a Soviet / Russian heavy transport helicopter .
Henry Grantland Rice ( November 1 ) was an early 20th-century American sportswriter known for his elegant prose .
Thomas Bangalter ( -RSB- ; born 3 January 1975 ) is DJ .
The European Network for Accreditation of Engineering Education ( ENAEE ) authorises quality assurance and accreditation ( educational ) agencies within the European Higher Education Area ( EHEA ) and awards the EUR-ACE label to accredited engineering degree programmes .
In Judaism was a minyan ( Hebrew : מניין \\ מִנְיָן " minya ́ n " -RSB- .
Jewish Americans , are Americans .  Americans are Jews , whether by religion , ethnicity , or nationality .
Lost Boys ( 1992 ) is the first horror novel by American author Orson Scott Card .

An American columnist is author .  Meghan Marguerite McCain ( born October 23 , 1984 ) is an American columnist co-host of " The View , " and an ABC News contributor .
Blade II is a 2002 American superhero film based on the fictional character Blade from Marvel Comics .
Midway is a census-designated place in Baxter County , Arkansas , United States .
Darren Kenneth Matthews ( born 10 May 1968 ) is an English retired professional wrestler and professional wrestling trainer .
Selenocysteine ( symbol Sec or U ) is the 21st proteinogenic amino acid .
In cryptography , a key-agreement protocol is a protocol whereby two or more parties can agree on a key in such a way that both influence the outcome .
The Asian Games is a continental multi-sport event held every four years among athletes from all over Asia .
The Romanian Intelligence Service ( , abbreviated SRI ) is Romania 's main domestic intelligence service .
This was in computer central processing units .  Micro-operations ( also known as a micro-ops or μops ) are detailed low-level instructions used in some designs to implement complex machine instructions ( sometimes termed macro-instructions in this context ) .
क ़ ीमा , is -lrb- -RSB- ) .  Ground meat is finely chopped by a meat grinder or a chopping knife .
Bill ( formerly known as Bill ) is a 2007 comedy film .  A 2007 comedy film was written and directed by Bernie Goldmann and Melisa Wallack , and Aaron Eckhart as the title character .
The Rheinisch-Bergische Kreis is a Kreis ( district ) in the Cologne Bonn Region of North Rhine-Westphalia , Germany .
A soul patch ( also known as a mouche , a flavour saver , or a jazz dot ) is a single small patch of facial hair just below the lower lip and above the chin .
An aerobic organism or aerobe is an organism that can survive and grow in an oxygenated environment .
Todd Grisham ( born January 9 , 1976 ) is an American sports reporter .  An American sports reporter were employed by the UFC and Glory kickboxing .
Bernard Marcel Parent ( born April 3 , 1945 ) is a Canadian retired professional ice hockey goaltender .  This was in the World Hockey Association ( WHA ) .
Norman architecture is used to categorise styles of Romanesque architecture developed by the Normans in the various lands under their dominion or influence in the 11th and 12th centuries .
FAI Open Class glider was designed by Oleg Antonov and produced by Antonov .
Menelik II GGCB was Emperor of Ethiopia from 1889 to his death in 1913 and Negus ( King ) of Shewa ( 1866 -- 89 ) .
Rembrandt van Rijn was the wife of painter .  Saskia van Uylenburgh ( 2 August 1612 -- 14 June 1642 ) was Rembrandt van Rijn .
Epiphytic or lithophytic orchid with creeping brittle rhizomes are small , stubby pseudobulbs and dark green leaves .
Falmouth Academy ( FA ) is a non-profit , coed , private college-preparatory school for day students in grades 7 -- 12 located in Falmouth , Massachusetts on Cape Cod .
Dude Perfect is an American sports entertainment group from Frisco , Texas which routinely uploads videos to YouTube .
A default gateway is the node in a computer network .  A computer network is using the internet protocol suite .
An American country music band was founded in the late 1980s .
The Ilyushin IL-62 ( ; NATO reporting name : Classic ) is a Soviet long-range narrow-body jet airliner .  A Soviet long-range narrow-body jet airliner was conceived in 1960 .
Edward was a daughter of King .  Joan of Acre ( April 1272 -- 23 April 1307 ) was an English princess , Edward I of England and Queen Eleanor of Castile .
The Foucault pendulum or Foucault 's pendulum is a simple device named after French physicist Le ́ on Foucault and conceived as an experiment to demonstrate the Earth 's rotation .
Alburnoides fangfangae is a species of small ( 7 .
Shield was used among Italic peoples in antiquity , and then by the army of ancient Rome starting about the fourth century BC .
BBC Asian Network is a British radio station whose target audience are people .  People were aged / or those .
Wolfgang Thonke ( December 28 , 1938 -- January 22 , 2019 ) , was a journalist , graduated military scientist and was the last Deputy Commanding General ( A3 ) of the National People 's Army Air Force in the former German Democratic Republic .
Cyprinus rubrofuscus , the Amur carp , is a species of cyprinid fish .
A Soviet aerospace engineer was soviet aircraft designer .  Soviet aircraft designer founded the Lavochkin aircraft design bureau .
HMCS " Fort Frances " was an " Algerine " - class minesweeper that served in the Royal Canadian Navy during the Second World War .
Giacomo della Porta ( 1532 -- 1602 ) was an Italian architect and sculptor .

A North American prairie grass was found in the central and eastern United States and Canada .  Sorghastrum nutans were commonly known as either Indiangrass or yellow Indiangrass .
Parkline is an unincorporated census-designated place on the Coeur d ` Alene Reservation in Benewah County , Idaho , United States .
Esther Vergeer successfully defended her 2009 title by defeating Daniela Di Toro 6 -- 0 , 6 -- 0 in the final .
Clark 's Harbour is a town on Cape Sable Island in southwestern Nova Scotia , Canada , located in the Municipality of the District of Barrington in Shelburne County .
Jodhpur Division is one of the administrative geographical unit , called a division , of Rajasthan state , India .
Capsizing or keeling over occurs when a boat or ship is turned on its side .
Robert La Rue Stewart ( November 19 , 1918 -- April 6 , 2006 ) was an American entrepreneur , TV personality , radio and TV producer in the Philippines .  This was as " Uncle Bob .
Jodha Akbar is an Indian historical fiction drama aired on Zee TV .
John Wesley Hardin ( May 26 , 1853 -- August 19 , 1895 ) was gunfighter .
Spartacus ( " " ; ; c .
The 1984 Summer Olympics was an international multi-sport event that was held from July 28 to August 12 , 1984 , in Los Angeles , United States .
The TRS-80 Micro Computer System ( TRS-80 renamed the Model I to distinguish it from successors ) is a desktop microcomputer launched in 1977 and sold by Tandy Corporation through their RadioShack stores .
This is in one of many popular vector graphics formats , such as EPS , PDF , WMF , SVG , or VML .  A computer program allows users to compose and edit vector graphics images and save them .
Fluidized bed combustion ( FBC ) is a combustion technology .  A combustion technology was used to burn solid fuels .
A German regional airline was headquartered in Dortmund .
The following are lists of U.
The Glasgow Subway is an underground rapid transit line in Glasgow , Scotland .
The ECW World Heavyweight Championship was a professional wrestling world heavyweight championship originally used in Extreme Championship Wrestling ( ECW ) and later , World Wrestling Entertainment ( WWE ) .
American Gold Star Mothers , Inc .
A kiln insulated a type of oven .  Oven produces temperatures sufficient to complete some process .
Cape Lookout is part of Carteret County southeast of Beaufort , NC .
Melodies were sung with the intention of praising God as well as learning certain aspects of traditional religious teachings .
Alburnoides devolli is a species of small ( 9 .

Walter Moers ( born 24 May 1957 in Mo ̈ nchengladbach ) is a German comic creator and author .
Ha ̈ lsingland " in central Sweden .  ( -RSB- ) is a historical province .
The Color of Milk ( aka " The Colour of Milk " , " Neither Naked nor Dressed " , or " Selma and Andy " ) is a 2004 Norwegian family film by Torun Lian with Julia Krohn ( Selma ) ( Fra ̈ mlingen ) .
An RCA connector is a type of electrical connector commonly used to carry audio and video signals .  An RCA connector was sometimes called a phono connector .
" The Greatest Show on Turf " was a nickname for the record-breaking offense of the St.
Satraps were the governors of the provinces of the ancient Median and Achaemenid Empires and in several of their successors .
A surfboard is an elongated platform used in surfing .
A domed sports and exhibition venue were located in the Central Business District of New Orleans , Louisiana , United States .
Japanese Canadians ( 日系カナタ 人 ) are Canadian citizens of Japanese ancestry .
An E ́ tablissement public a ̀ caracte ̀ re administratif ( EPA ; literally translating to " public establishment of an administrative nature " ) is , in France , a public law legal person with a certain administrative and financial autonomy .  To fulfil a mission of public interest ( that is not industrial or commercial in nature ) .
Otto I ( 23 November 912 -- 7 May 973 ) was German king from 936 and Holy Roman Emperor from 962 until his death in 973 .  Otto I ( 23 November 912 -- 7 May 973 ) were traditionally known as Otto the Great .
A glacier forms in the north of Miar Peak ( 6,824 m ) in Hoper Valley in Nagar , Gilgit-Baltistan , Pakistan .
Old Earth creationism is a form of creationism .  A form of creationism includes theistic evolution .

The Rump Parliament was the English Parliament after Colonel Thomas Pride purged the Long Parliament , on 6 December 1648 , of those members hostile to the Grandees ' intention to try King Charles I for high treason .
A cultural center is an organization , building or complex .  An organization , building or complex promotes culture and arts .
Madeleine Talmage Force Fiermonte ( June 19 , 1893 -- March 27 , 1940 ) was an American socialite .
A banana connector ( commonly banana plug for the male ) is a single-wire ( one conductor ) electrical connector .
A calorimeter is the process of measuring the heat of chemical reactions or physical changes as well as heat capacity .
A tigon or tiglon is a hybrid between a male tiger ( " Panthera tigris " ) and a female lion ( " Panthera leo " ) .
Yachts were a British power pop / new wave band , best remembered for their 1977 single , " Suffice To Say " , and minor new wave classic , " Love You , Love You " .
Alfonso X ( also occasionally known as Alphonso , Alphonse , or Alfons , 23 November 1221 -- 4 April 1284 ) was the King of Leo ́ n May 1252 until his death in 1284 .
Thomas Flynn Gordon ( born November 18 , 1967 ) , nicknamed " Flash " , is a former Major League Baseball right-handed pitcher .
A New York-based fashion house is specializing in fashion goods for men and women .
Novalis ( ; -RSB- ) was the pseudonym and pen name of Georg Philipp Friedrich Freiherr von Hardenberg ( 2 May 1772 -- 25 March 1801 ) , a poet , author , mystic , and philosopher of Early German Romanticism .
This was alongside the World Boxing Association ( WBA ) , World Boxing Council ( WBC ) and World Boxing Organization ( WBO ) .  Fame ( IBHOF ) sanction world championship boxing bouts .
LeBreton Flats ( also spelled Lebreton Flats ) is a neighbourhood in Somerset Ward in central Ottawa , Ontario , Canada .
An American horror punk and heavy metal band were founded during 2002 in Hollywood , California .
Hellcats of the Navy is a 1957 black-and-white World War II submarine film drama from Columbia Pictures .
Kalri Lake is in Thatta District , Sindh , Pakistan .
Japan Soccer League ( 日本サッカーリーク ) , or JSL , was the top flight football league in Japan between 1965 and 1992 .
Bossier Parish is Louisiana , United States .  Eastwood is a census-designated place ( CDP ) in Bossier Parish .
Kilmahog ( : Cell of St.
Below are the squads for the 1966 FIFA World Cup final tournament in England .
The Antonov An-14 Pchelka ( , " Little Bee " , ( NATO reporting name Clod ) is a Soviet utility aircraft which was first flown on 15 March 1958 .
Mortimer Leo Downey , III ( born August 9 , 1936 in Springfield , Massachusetts ) was the U.
Antonio de Trueba ( 24 December 181910 March 1889 ) was a Spanish poet , novelist , and folklorist .
Jack U ̈ is an American DJ duo consisting of electronic music producers Skrillex and Diplo .  An American DJ duo was formed in 2013 .
The Storm Prediction Center ( SPC ) is a government agency .  Part of the National Centers for Environmental Prediction ( NCEP ) is operating under the control of the National Weather Service ( NWS ) .
The 1992 Summer Olympic Games ( Spanish : " Juegos Oli ́ mpicos de Verano de 1992 " ; Catalan .  Spain from 25 July to 9 August 1992 d .
Java Embedding Plugin ( JEP ) enables Java on Mac OS X with non Safari browsers .
Takijiro ̄ O ̄ nishi ( 大西 瀧治郎 , O ̄ nishi Takijiro ̄ , 2 June 1891 -- 16 August 1945 ) was an admiral in the Imperial Japanese Navy during World War II , who came to be known as the father of the " kamikaze " .
The Class 185 Desiro units are a diesel multiple-unit ( DMU ) passenger train of the Desiro UK family .  The Desiro UK family was built by Siemens in Germany for the train operating First TransPennine Express .
A pencil sharpener ( also referred to as pencil pointer or in Ireland as a parer or topper ) is a tool for sharpening a pencil 's writing point by shaving away its worn surface .
Rex Warner ( 9 March 1905 -- 24 June 1986 ) was an English classicist , writer and translator .
James Vincent Forrestal ( February 15 , 1892 -- May 22 , 1949 ) was the last Cabinet-level United States Secretary of the Navy and the first United States Secretary of Defense .
Hart 's Hope ( 1983 ) is a fantasy novel by Orson Scott Card , written in second person .
This is in a way similar to Project Gutenberg 's library of public domain books .  The Mutopia Project is a volunteer-run effort to create a library of free content sheet music .
Time Between Dog and Wolf is a 2007 South Korean action-romance drama .
Evelyn Underhill ( 6 December 1875 -- 15 June 1941 ) was an English Anglo-Catholic writer and pacifist .  An English Anglo-Catholic writer and pacifist were known for her numerous works .
A trainer is a class of aircraft .  Aircraft was designed specifically to facilitate flight training of pilots and aircrews .
The Mil Mi-4 ( USAF / DoD reporting name " Type 36 " , NATO reporting name " Hound " ) is a Soviet transport helicopter .
The M3 is a motorway .  A motorway runs from Sunbury-on-Thames , Surrey .
Carol II ( 15 October 18934 April 1953 ) reigned as King of Romania from 8 June 1930 until his abdication on 6 September 1940 .
Tsunku ( つんく born October 29 , 1968 ) ( Mitsuo Terada 寺田 光男 ) is a prolific Japanese record producer , songwriter , and vocalist .  つんく is often written as .
The Professional Regulation Commission is a three-man commission attached to Department of Labor and Employment ( DOLE ) .  The Professional Regulation Commission was otherwise known as the PRC .
Venus Rising is a 1995 erotic science fiction film directed by Leora Barish and starring Billy Wirth , Audie England , Costas Mandylor and Morgan Fairchild .
Lorine Faith Niedecker ( English : pronounced Needecker ) ( May 12 , 1903 -- December 31 , 1970 ) was a Wisconsin poet and the only woman associated with the Objectivist poets .
An autonomous underwater vehicle ( AUV ) is a robot that travels underwater without requiring input from an operator .
Samii \'s riffle minnow ( " Alburnoides samiii " ) is a species of freshwater fish in the family Cyprinidae .
A decade of the Gregorian calendar began on January 1 , 1970 , and ended on December 31 , 1979 .
The Sharp Zaurus is the name of a series of personal digital assistants ( PDAs ) made by Sharp Corporation .
The filmography of Sivaji Ganesan comprises a total of 288 movies with 2 Hindi ( 7 Tamil , 6 Telugu , 2 Kannada , 1 Malayalam and 1 Hindi ) .
Crowley 's Ridge Parkway is a 212 .
Charon is a discontinued web browser for the Inferno operating system .
The 2008 -- 09 Nashville Predators season began on October 10 , 2008 .
The Liberal Party of the Philippines ( Filipino : " Partido Liberal ng Pilipinas " ) or LP is a liberal political party in the Philippines , founded by then senators Senate President Manuel Roxas .
The Rascals ( initially known as The Young Rascals ) was an American rock band , formed in Garfield , in 1965 .
Albert Edwin Condon ( November 16 , 1905 -- August 4 , 1973 ) was an American jazz banjoist .
A file format describes containers for virtual hard disk drives to be used in virtual machines like VMware Workstation or VirtualBox .

The 950s decade ran from January 1 , 950 , to December 31 , 959 .
Executive cars were manufactured by Mercedes-Benz in various engine and body configurations .
A 2011 war drama film was directed and co-produced by Steven Spielberg from a screenplay written by Lee Hall and Richard Curtis , based on Michael Morpurgo 's 1982 novel of the same name and its 2007 play adaptation .
Juan Donoso Corte ́ s .  Marque ́ s de Valdegamas ( 6 May 1809 -- 3 May 1853 ) was a Spanish author , conservative and Catholic political theorist , and diplomat .
Shai Hulud is an American metalcore band .  An American metalcore band was formed in Pompano Beach , Florida .
Valentinian III ( ; 2 July 41916 March 455 ) was Western Roman Emperor from 425 to 455 .
A sudden , sharp increase in wind speed lasting minutes are contrary to a wind gust lasting seconds .
This is short - to medium-range , single-aisle commercial jet airliner .  The McDonnell Douglas MD-90 is a twin-engine .
Fedora Media Writer ( formerly Fedora Live USB Creator ) is a free and open-source tool .
Alburnoides maculatus is a species of small ( 7 .
In baseball or softball , a strikeout ( or strike-out ) occurs when a batter racks up three strikes during a time at bat .
Niklas Sundin ( born 13 August 1974 in Sweden ) , is a musician best known as the guitarist of bands Dark Tranquillity and Laethora .
The Indian peafowl or blue peafowl ( " Pavo cristatus " ) is a species of peafowl native to the Indian subcontinent , but introduced in many other parts of the world .
Neutron star was believed to have an extremely powerful magnetic field ( formula _ 1 G ) .
The Ford Anglia is a compact car which was designed and manufactured by Ford UK .
The Waterford Steam Electric Station was Unit 3 known as Waterford 3 .  The Waterford Steam Electric Station is a nuclear power plant located on a 3000 acre plot in Killona , Louisiana , in St. .
The State Grid Corporation of China ( SGCC ; ) is the state-owned electric utility monopoly of China .
This is to western Nepal .  Ulmus wallichiana also known as the Kashmir elm and Bhutan elm , is a mountain tree -- 3000 m .
A decade of the Gregorian calendar began on January 1 , 1940 , and ended on December 31 , 1949 .
The Memphis blues is a style of blues music .  Blues music was created from the 1910s .
Cyclamen persicum is a species of flowering herbaceous perennial plant growing from a tuber , native to rocky hillsides , shrubland , and woodland up to 1200 m above sea level , from south-central Turkey to Lebanon-Syria and the Palestine region .
The 9A-91 is a compact assault rifle currently in use with Russian police forces .
Recklinghausen ( -RSB- ) is a " Kreis " ( district ) in the centre of North Rhine-Westphalia , Germany .
Robinson Sucroe ( also known as Robinson Sucroe ̈ in French ) is a 1995 animated series .
The national flag of Cuba consists of five .  Five is alternating stripes ( three blue and two white ) and a red equilateral triangle at the hoist , within which is a white five-pointed star .
Groveland is a census-designated place in Bingham County , Idaho , United States .
Classless Inter-Domain Routing ( CIDR ) is a method for allocating IP addresses and IP routing .
Jeffrey Donald McDill ( March 16 , 1956 -- November 3 , 2012 ) was a Canadian professional ice hockey right winger who played in one National Hockey League game for the Chicago Black Hawks during the 1976 -- 77 NHL season .
A Korean Buddhist monk was scholar .  Chunseong ( Korean : ; Hanja : ) was born Lee Chang-nim ( 이창림 , 李昌林 ; March 30 , 1891 -- August 22 , 1977 ) .
Rockford Bay is an unincorporated census-designated place in Kootenai County , Idaho , United States .
Arbon Valley is a census-designated place ( CDP ) in Power County in the United States .
A goatee is a style of facial hair incorporating hair on a man 's chin but not his cheeks .
David Alfaro Siqueiro-LRB - born Jose ́ de Jesu ́ Alfaro Siqueiro , December 29 , 1896 , in Chihuahua -- January 6 , 1974 , in Cuernavaca , Morelo-RRB - waa Mexican social realist painter , better known for hilarge muralin fresco .
This was by Porsche AG of Stuttgart , Germany .  This was 2 + 2 high .
Mario Puzo was the novel of the same name by Italian American author .  The Godfather is an American film series that consists of three crime drama films directed by Francis Ford Coppola inspired by Mario Puzo .
Umberto I ( ; 14 March 1844 -- 29 July 1900 ) , nicknamed " the Good " ( Italian : " Buono " ) , was the King of Italy from 9 January 1878 unthis assassination on 29 July 1900 .
The forest dormouse ( " Dryomys nitedula " ) is a species of rodent in the family Gliridae .  The family Gliridae was found in eastern Europe , the Balkans and parts of western Central Asia .
Engine was generator and traction motors .  A class of Bo-Bo diesel-electric locomotives were built for the English Welsh & Scottish Railway ( EWS ) between 1999 and 2000 .
Adolf Frederick or Adolph Frederick ( , ; 14 May 171012 February 1771 ) was King of Sweden from 1751 until his death .
July 11 was 1834 -- July 17 .  James Abbott McNeill Whistler ( ; July 11 , 1903 ) was an American artist , active during the American Gilded Age and based primarily in the United Kingdom .
Karl Friedrich Benz ( -RSB- ; 25 November 1844 -- 4 April 1929 ) was a German engine designer ( or mechanical engineer ) .
Constituency PK-1 ( Chitral ) is a constituency ( Old PK-89 ) for the Khyber Pakhtunkhwa Assembly of the Khyber Pakhtunkhwa province of Pakistan .
T in the Park festival was a major Scottish music festival , the brewing company Tennents .
Constituency PK-96 ( Dir lower-III ) is a constituency for the Khyber Pakhtunkhwa Assembly of the Khyber Pakhtunkhwa province of Pakistan .
Baharon Ki Manzil is a 1973 Pakistani film .
Terrance Gordon Sawchuk ( December 28 , 1929 -- May 31 , 1970 ) was a Canadian professional ice hockey goaltender .  This was for Boston Bruins .
China is trunk roads across mainland .  The China National Highways ( CNH / Guodao ) is a network of China .
Workplace democracy is the application of democracy in various forms ( examples include voting systems democratic structuring , due process , systems of appeal ) to the workplace .
Ursula K. is a short novel by American writer .
This is by American author .  Ursula K. is fantasy stories and essays .
Preah Sihanouk Province , commonly referred to as Sihanoukville Province , is a province ( ខ ត ត , " khaet " ) in the south-west of Cambodia at the Gulf of Thailand .
Palm Islands are three artificial islands .  Palm Islands are Deira Island .
Gothika is a 2003 American supernatural psychological horror thriller film directed by Mathieu Kassovitz and written by Sebastian Gutierrez .
Nocturnal enuresis is involuntary urination while asleep after the age at which bladder control usually begins .
An electronic lock controls access to a building or vehicle without .  An electronic lock is using a traditional mechanical key .
This was in the early twentieth century following a December 1900 editorial in " American Engineer and Railroad Journal " .  The Whyte notation for classifying steam and some internal combustion locomotives by wheel arrangement came into use .
A military rank was held by junior enlisted personnel in some countries ' armed forces .
An automorphism is an isomorphism from a mathematical object to itself .
The Starr Report , officially the Referral from Independent Counsel Kenneth W.
Bossier Parish is Louisiana , United States .  Red Chute is a census-designated place ( CDP ) in Bossier Parish .
A professional was wrestling pay-per-view ( PPV ) event produced by World Wrestling Entertainment ( WWE ) .
In linguistics , false friends are words in different languages that look or sound similar .
Buffalo Soapstone is a census-designated place ( CDP ) in Matanuska-Susitna Borough , Alaska , United States .
John Michael Hawthorn ( 10 April 1929 -- 22 January 1959 ) was a British racing driver .
The Class 66 is a type of six-axle diesel electric freight locomotive .  Six-axle diesel electric freight locomotive was developed in part , for use on the railways of the UK .
A twin-engined light turboprop transport aircraft was developed from the Antonov An-14M .
Cookie is a 1989 American comedy film .  A 1989 American comedy film was directed by Susan Seidelman starring Peter Falk , Emily Lloyd and Dianne Wiest .
A roundabout ( also called a traffic circle , road circle , rotary , rotunda or island ) is a type of circular intersection or junction in which road traffic is permitted to flow in one direction around a central island .
Georgian : გიორგი მიხეილის ძე ბერიაშვილი " Giorgi Mikheilis Dze Beriashvili " ; February 13 , 1903 -- July 12 , 1979 ) , was a Soviet Georgian major general , founder and chief designer of the Beriev Design Bureau in Taganrog , which concentrated on amphibious aircraft .
An American heavy metal band was founded by Max ( vocals ) and Igor Cavalera ( drums ) , currently performing along with Marc Rizzo ( lead guitar ) and Tony Campos ( bass ) .
Public finance is the study of the role of the government in the economy .
The year 2005 in science and technology involved some significant events .
The Naqshbandi or Naqshbandiyah is a major Sunni spiritual order of Sufism .
Royal Surrey Gardens were pleasure gardens in Newington , Surrey , London in the Victorian period , slightly east of The Oval .
The Bangladesh Nationalist Party ( , transliterated : " Bangladesh Ja ̄ ti ̄ y ̇ ata ̄ ba ̄ di ̄ Do ̂ l " ; abbreviated BNP ) is one of the contemporary political parties of Bangladesh .
The Fiat Doblo ̀ is a panel van and leisure activity vehicle produced by Italian automaker Fiat since 2000 .
De Smet ( also spelled Desmet ) is an unincorporated census-designated place in the northwestern United States .
This is in the United Arab Emirates .  Masdar City is a planned city project in Abu Dhabi .
The black pond turtle ( " Geoclemys hamiltonii " ) , also known as the spotted pond turtle or the Indian spotted turtle , is a species of freshwater turtle endemic to South Asia .
The Yakovlev Yak-40 ( ; NATO reporting name : Codling ) is a small , three-engined jet airliner .
The Zygnemataceae are a family of filamentous or unicellular , uniseriate ( unbranched ) green algae .
Ibrahim Ismail Chundrigar ( Urdu : ابراہیم اسماعیل چندریگر ; September 15 , 1897 -- 26 September 1960 ) , best known as I.
Alien hand syndrome ( AHS ) or Dr.
This was for religious , ceremonial , burial , and elite residential purposes .  This was during a circa 5,000-year period .
Filipino Americans are Americans of Filipino descent .
Ansel Easton Adams ( February 20 , 1902 -- April 22 , 1984 ) was environmentalist .
To decide the 11th Cricket World Cup a One Day International cricket tournament .
This was by keeping eggs warm and in the correct humidity , and if needed to turn them , to hatch them .
243 ( two hundred and forty-three ) is the natural number following 242 .
In Islam , a khatib , khateeb or hatib ( Arabic خطيب " khat ̣ i ̄ b " ) is a person .  This is during the Friday prayer .
Ahmadiyya Mikayil oglu Jabrayilov ( , ; ; 22 September 1920 -- 11 October 1994 ) was a French Resistance member of Azerbaijani nationality .
The Kharan Desert is a sandy and mountainous desert .  A sandy and mountainous desert were situated in Balochistan province in south-western Pakistan .
Advanced Package Tool , or APT , is a free-software user interface .  A free-software user interface works with core libraries to handle the installation and removal of software on Debian , Ubuntu , and related Linux distributions .
Kedumim is a Biblical garden and nature preserve .  This was midway between Jerusalem and Tel Aviv .
The Mil Mi-17 ( NATO reporting name : Hip ) is a Soviet / Russian helicopter in production at two factories in Kazan and Ulan-Ude .
Cicis ( formerly named CiCi 's Pizza ) is an American buffet restaurant chain based in Irving , Texas .
The flag of Tanzania consists of a yellow-edged black diagonal band .  This was with a green upper triangle and blue lower triangle .
Sahara Hotnights is an all-female rock band from Robertsfors , Sweden .
This is in logic , mathematics , and computer science .  The arity of a function or operation is the number of arguments or operands .
Tsuruta Tomomi was March 25 , 1951 -- May 13 , 2000 .  Tomomi Tsuruta ( 鶴田 友美 , Tsuruta Tomomi , March 25 , 1951 -- May 13 , 2000 ) was better known by his ring name Jumbo Tsuruta ( シ ャンホ 鶴田 , Janbotsuruta ) .
Jean Sibelius is tone poem by the Finnish composer .  The Swan of Tuonela is an 1895 Jean Sibelius .
Erectile dysfunction ( ED ) is a type of sexual dysfunction characterized by the inability to develop or maintain an erection of the penis during sexual activity .
This was to determine whether the mineral resource can be mined economically .
The Iveco Daily is a large light commercial van produced by Iveco since 1978 .  It was also sold as the Fiat Daily by Fiat until 1983 .
John Margetson ( born 9 October 1927 ) is a former British Ambassador to Vietnam .
The Airbus A310 Multi Role Tanker Transport ( MRTT ) is an aerial refueling tanker aircraft based on the civilian Airbus A310 .
Richard Baer ( 9 September 1911 -- 17 June 1963 ) was a German SS commander who was the commandant of the Auschwitz I concentration camp from May 1944 to February 1945 .
Juan Marti ́ n del Potro defeated five-time .  This was to win the Men 's Singles tennis title at the 2009 US Open .
Alienware is an American computer hardware subsidiary of Dell .
Metalcore ( or metallic hardcore ) is a fusion genre .  A fusion genre is combining elements of extreme metal and hardcore punk .
This was in the National Hockey League .  Winger played one game for the New York Rangers .
The Eye of the Heron is a 1978 science fiction novel by American author Ursula K.
The year 2004 in science and technology involved some significant events .
The Palestine sunbird ( " Cinnyris osea " ) is a small passerine bird of the sunbird family .
This was in Alicante and Mallorca .  Saltern crystallizer ponds were Spain in 2002 .
Ina Catani , born Heilborn 30 May 1906 , died 28 March 1938 , was a Swedish archer .
Silentway was artist management company .  Drowned in Sound , sometimes abbreviated to DiS , is a UK-based music webzine financed by Silentway .
The Antonov An-32 ( NATO reporting name : Cline ) is a turboprop twin-engined military transport aircraft .
An 2008 English-language Finnish horror film features Lordi band members playing the monsters .
The 130s decade ran from January 1 , 130 , to December 31 , 139 .
This is in the visual arts .  Composition is the placement or arrangement of visual elements .
A decade of the Julian Calendar ended on December 31 , 1099 .
The year 2008 involved discoveries , some of which are listed below .
Sams Corner is a census-designated place ( CDP ) in Mayes County , Oklahoma , United States .
This was in the Kingdom of the Holy Roman Empire .  This was from 915 to 1803 .

Constituency PK-16 ( Lower Dir-IV ) is a constituency for the Khyber Pakhtunkhwa Assembly of the Khyber Pakhtunkhwa province of Pakistan .
The Saint Petersburg Ring Road is a 142 km ( 88 mile ) orbital freeway .
Whitley City is a census-designated place ( CDP ) in McCreary County .
Simone Adolphine Weil ( ; -RSB- ; 3 February 1909 -- 24 August 1943 ) was a French philosopher , mystic , and political activist .
NBA 2K12 is a basketball simulation video game developed by Visual Concepts and published by 2K Sports .
Achterhooks ( , Dutch Low Saxon : ) is a Dutch Low Saxon dialect .  A Dutch Low Saxon dialect was spoken in Gelderland .
Andrei Nikolayevich Tupolev ( ; 29 October O.
Canute I ( Swedish : " Knut Eriksson " : " Knu ́ tr Eiri ́ ksson " ; born before 1150 -- died 1195/96 ) was king over all of Sweden from 1173 to 1195 ( rival king since 1167 ) .
The Light in the Forest is a 1958 film based on a novel of the same name first published in 1953 by U.
Riverside is a census-designated place in Bingham County , Idaho , United States .
Also known as ABF , is a national governing body of basketball in Azerbaijan .
6000 ( six thousand ) is the natural number following 5999 and preceding 6001 .
Percent-encoding is a mechanism for encoding information in a Uniform Resource Identifier ( URI ) under certain circumstances .
Mites and ticks are the animals in the order Acarina .  Acarology ( from Greek / , " " , a type of mite " - logia " ) is the study of mites and ticks .
Carol I ( 20 April 1839 -- 27 September ( O.
Kilometre Zero ( also written " km 0 " ) is a particular location ( usually in the nation \'s capital city ) from which distances are traditionally measured .
A critically endangered ( CR ) species is one .  One has been categorized by the International Union .
The Badawi Pass is a pass that connects Upper Dir District with Utror & Kalam in Khyber Pakhtunkhwa .
The lily family consists of about 15 genera and about 705 known species of flowering plants within the order Liliales .
A decade of the Gregorian calendar began on January 1 , 2000 , and ended on December 31 , 2009 .
The animal rights movement is a social movement , an end to the status of animals as property , and an end to their use in the research , food , clothing , and entertainment industries .
TOPS classifications have in the past been applied to InterCity 125 high speed trains .
Shorkot is a tehsil in Jhang District , Punjab , Pakistan .
MySims is a video game developed by EA Redwood Shores and published by Electronic Arts as a spin-off to Maxis \' " The Sims " franchise for the Wii and Nintendo DS in 2007 .
A strut bar or strut tower brace ( STB ) is an automotive suspension accessory usually used in conjunction with MacPherson struts on monocoque or unibody chassis to provide extra stiffness between the strut towers .
Batman was the DC Comics character .  Milton Finger was known professionally as Bill Finger ( February 8 , 1914 -- January 18 , 1974 ) .
Alburnoides rossicus also known as the Russian spirlin is a species of freshwater fish in the family Cyprinidae .
Air Force was forces of the Soviet .  This was what Air Force intended for use with VVS-FA ( Fighter Bomber ) .
AdventureQuest ( also referred to by its website name BattleOn or abbreviated to AQ ) is an online Flash-based single-player role-playing video game started in 2002 and currently developed by Artix Entertainment .
The Crown of Ireland Act 1542 is an Act of the Parliament .  The Parliament was ireland ( 33 .
Inago no tsukudani is a Japanese dish featuring locusts that are boiled in soy sauce and sugar .
The Tupolev Tu-16 ( NATO reporting name : Badger ) was a twin-engined jet .  Strategic heavy bomber used a twin-engined jet by the Soviet Union .
The Flight Compensation Regulation is a regulation in EU law establishing common rules on compensation and assistance to passengers in the event of denied boarding , flight cancellations , or long delays of flights .
Cultural heritage is the legacy of physical artifacts and intangible attributes of a group or society that is inherited from past generations .
The Fe ́ de ́ ration Internationale de Volleyball ( English : International Volleyball Federation ) , commonly known by the acronym FIVB , is the international governing body for all forms of volleyball .
This was for the Detroit Cougars , Detroit Falcons and Detroit Red Wings .  A Canadian professional ice hockey right winger played 11 seasons .
Reservoir Dogs is a 2006 third-person shooter video game based on the Quentin Tarantino film of the same name .
Henry Wilson ( born Jeremiah Jones Colbath ; February 16 , 1812 -- November 22 , 1875 ) was a senator from Massachusetts ( 1855 -- 73 ) .
The Luther Bible is ancient Greek by Martin Luther .
A latte ( or ) is a coffee drink made with espresso and steamed milk .
This was from art historians .  Ian MacCormick ( known by Ian MacDonald ; 3 October 1948 -- 20 August 2003 ) was a British music critic and author " " .
The Crossosomatales are an order , first recognized as such by APG II .
Funker Vogt ( -RSB- ) is a German electronic music project with an aggressive style .
Angus is a 1995 comedy film directed by Patrick Read Johnson .
The Tupolev Tu-334 was a Russian short-to-medium range airliner project .  This was around the world .
Relapse Records is an American independent record label based in Upper Darby .
Victor An ( ; born Ahn Hyun-soo on November 23 , 1985 ) , also known as Viktor Ahn , is a retired South Korean-born Russian short-track speed-skater .
The Antonov An-12 ( Russian : Антонов Ан-12 ; NATO reporting name : Cub ) is a four-engined turboprop transport aircraft .
( NIC ; " Rashtriya Suchna Vigyan Kendra " ) is the premier science and technology organisation of the Government of India in informatics services and information and communication technology ( ICT ) applications .
Tatiana Andreyеvna Volosozhar ( , ; born 22 May 1986 ) is a Ukrainian-born Russian pair skater .
Darkthrone is a black metal band from Kolbotn , Norway .
This was on July 21 , 2002 .  World Wrestling Entertainment ( WWE ) took place in Detroit , Michigan .
The year 2006 in science and technology involved some significant events .
The Tibetan snowcock ( " Tetraogallus tibetanus " ) is a bird in the pheasant family Phasianidae of the order Galliformes .
The National Parks of Argentina make up a network of 37 national parks in Argentina .
In graph theory , a loop ( also called a self-loop or a " buckle " ) is an edge .  An edge connects a vertex to itself .
An access network is a type of telecommunications network which connects subscribers to their immediate service provider .
-RSB- ; October 11 was 1758 -- March 2 .  Heinrich Wilhelm Matthias Olbers ( ; -RSB- ; October 11 , 1840 ) was a German physician and astronomer .
A Hungarian mathematician was one of the founders of non-Euclidean geometry -- a geometry that differs from Euclidean geometry in its definition of parallel lines .
The coat of arms of the Kingdom of Sweden has a lesser and a greater version .
Sweetwater is a census-designated place ( CDP ) in northern Nez Perce County , Idaho , United States .
A Soviet twin-engine cargo aircraft was developed in the mid-1940s for small and medium-haul airline routes and as a military transport .
Dumb Luck is a 2001 American mystery comedy film written and directed by Craig Clyde .
Vigne Glacier is a glacier in Gilgit -- Baltistan , Pakistan near Gondogoro Glacier .
Ilbe Storage ( Korean : ; RR : " " ) is a far-right , right-wing populist website based in South Korea .
Class 252 was the classification allocated to the prototype High Speed Train ( HST ) unit , numbered 252001-2 .
Armando Anthony " Chick " .  Armando Anthony is electric keyboardist and composer .
Giessen ( Landkreis Gießen in German ) ( -RSB- ) is a " Kreis " ( district ) in the middle of Hessen , Germany .
This is next to the River Avon .  The Recreation Ground ( commonly " the Rec " ) is a large open space in the centre of Bath , England but particularly the people of Bath and surrounding areas .
The Rhodes Scholarship is an international postgraduate award for students to study at the University of Oxford .
Manuel Mari ́ a Borrero Gonzalez ( 10 May 1883 -- 7 June 1975 ) was President of Ecuador in 1938 .
Harry Sinclair Lewis ( February 7 , 1885 -- January 10 , 1951 ) was playwright .
This is by country or dependent territory .
Najibullah Ahmadzai ( Pashto / ) ; 6 August 1947 -- 27 September 1996 ) .
The Ilyushin Il-38 " Dolphin " ( NATO reporting name : May ) is a maritime patrol aircraft and anti-submarine warfare aircraft .
AWK is a domain-specific language designed for text processing and typically used as a data extraction and reporting tool .
The McDonnell Douglas DC-9 ( initially known as the Douglas DC-9 ) is a twin-engine , single-aisle jet airliner .
Tibial collateral ligament ( TCL ) , is one of the four major ligaments of the knee .
Nymphaea pubescens , the hairy water lily or pink water-lily , is a species of water lily .
The Intel 4004 is a 4-bit central processing unit ( CPU ) released by Intel Corporation in 1971 .
The McFlurry is a brand of flavored ice cream distributed by the international fast food restaurant chain McDonald 's and first sold in Bathurst , New Brunswick , Canada in 1995 .
Carl Wilhelm Scheele ( -RSB- , -RSB- ; 9 December 1742 -- 21 May 1786 ) was German pharmaceutical chemist .
The SEAT Altea is a compact multi-purpose vehicle ( MPV ) produced by the Spanish automaker SEAT from 2004 to 2015 .
Urban fantasy elements were developed by Square Enix and Jupiter for the Nintendo DS .
Khutbah ( Arabic : خطبة " khut ̣ bah " , ) serves as the primary formal occasion for public preaching in the Islamic tradition .
A watering can ( or watering pot ) is a portable container , usually with a funnel .  A portable container was used to water plants .
Dofus is a tactical turn-oriented massively multiplayer online role-playing game ( MMORPG ) developed and published by Ankama Games , a French computer game manufacturer .
In Greek mythology , Thoosa or Thoo ̈ sa was a sea nymph " .  A sea nymph \'s name derives from the word " thoos .
Hyla gratiosa ( barking tree frog ) is a species of tree frog endemic to the southeastern United States .
The M2 is a motorway in Kent , England .
John Everett Otto is an American musician best known as the drummer and founding member of American rap rock band Limp Bizkit .

The family Campanulaceae ( also bellflower family ) contains nearly 2400 species in 84 genera of herbaceous plants .
This was in Greek mythology .  Enceladus ( " Enke ́ lados " ) was the offspring of Gaia ( Earth ) .
William John Smith ( born December 12 , 1950 ) is a retired professional ice hockey goaltender .  William John Smith was better known as Billy Smith .
Coad \'s riffle minnow ( " Alburnoides coadi " ) is a species of small ( 10 .
JB Hi-Fi is a publicly listed Australian retailer .  A publicly listed Australian retailer sells and specialises in consumer goods .
Donald Ervin Knuth ( ; born January 10 ) is professor emeritus at Stanford University .
The Fokker F28 Fellowship is a twin-engine short range jet airliner designed and built by Fokker .
Reflection nebulae change in brightness because of changes in their star .
Banks is an unincorporated census-designated place in Boise County , Idaho , United States .
The Antonov An-30 ( NATO reporting name : Clank ) , is a development of the An-24 .
This was to December 31 , 949 .  The 940s decade ran from January 1 , 940 .
Solo : A Star Wars Story ( or simply Solo ) is a 2018 American space Western film based around the " Star Wars " character Han Solo , though also featuring his original trilogy co-protagonists Chewbacca and Lando Calrissian .
American Arts Commemorative Series Medallions are a series of ten gold bullion medallions .  Ten gold bullion medallions were produced by the United States Mint from 1980 to 1984 .
Mario Ignacio Francisco Toma ́ s Antonio de Veintemilla y Villaci ́ .  S ( July 31 , 1828 -- July 19 , 1908 ) was President of Ecuador September 8 , 1876 to January 10 , 1883 Antonio de Veintemilla y Villaci ́ .
David IV , also known as David the Builder ( Georgian : , " " ) ( 1073 -- 24 January 1125 ) was a king of Georgia .

" Redundant " is a song .  " American punk rock band Green Day .
Elizabeth The Queen Mother was the mother of Queen .  Elizabeth II was Elizabeth The Queen Mother and maternal grandmother and godmother of Queen .
( or ) are Canadian citizens of ethnic German ancestry .
Leessang was a South Korean hip hop duo ( " Gary " or " Garie " ) and Gil Seong-joon ( " Gil " ) .
Pasaband District is located in Ghor Province , Afghanistan .
A live USB is a USB flash drive .  A full operating system can be booted .
Rockford is a census-designated place in Bingham County , Idaho , United States .
Automatic train operation ( ATO ) is an operational safety enhancement device .
Ahura Mazda ( ; also known as Ohrmazd , Ahuramazda , Hourmazd , Hormazd , and Hurmuz ) is the creator .
The Chosun Ilbo is a major conservative newspaper in South Korea .
Boris Pavlovich Lisunov ( , 19 August 1898 -- 3 November 1946 ) was a Soviet aerospace engineer .
A word is broadly obsolete .  A word remains in current use .
Fairbanks North Star Borough is Alaska , United States .
Tun Hussein bin Dato ' Onn was SMN .  The third Prime Minister of Malaysia was serving in this role from 1976 to 1981 .
Heterogeneous rocks were found throughout the California Coast Ranges , and particularly on the San Francisco Peninsula .
The pheasant family Phasianidae was found across the Himalayan ranges and parts of the adjoining Pamir range of Asia .
John I ( Swedish : Johan Sverkersson ; c .
Canadian citizens of Australian descent or Australian-born people reside in Canada .
Anderson Bruford Wakeman Howe were a progressive rock band active from 1988 to 1990 that comprised four past members of the English progressive rock band Yes .
British United Traction ( BUT ) was a manufacturer of railway equipment and trolleybuses .
Haleji Lake is a perennial freshwater lake in Thatta District of Sindh Province .
This was as a chapter of the Group of 77 .  The Intergovernmental Group of Twenty-Four on International Monetary Affairs and Development , or The Group of 24 ( G-24 ) was established in 1971 .
A corm is a short , vertical , swollen underground plant stem or other adverse conditions such as summer drought and heat ( perennation ) .  Some plants use to survive winter .
The 2013 -- 14 season was Hull City 's first season back in the Premier League after automatic promotion as runner-up from the Championship in the 2012 -- 13 season .
Princeton is an unincorporated census-designated place in Latah County , Idaho , United States .
The River Fleet is the largest of London 's subterranean rivers .
This is by Ursula K. .  The Hainish Cycle consists of a number of science fiction novels and stories .
A Norwegian software company was primarily known for its desktop Opera web browser .
Kaleem Omar ( KO ) ( 1937 -- 26 June 2009 ) was an English language poet .
Symphonic metal is a subgenre of heavy metal music such as symphonic instruments .  Heavy metal music combines the heavy drums and guitars of metal with different elements of orchestral classical music .
Indo-Pakistani Sign Language ( IPSL ) " ( Hindi : भारतीय सांकेतिक भाषा ; Urdu : پاکستانی اشاروں کی زبان ) " is the predominant sign language in South Asia .
Skumin ( Russian : ) is a Lithuanian , Polish and Russian masculine nobleman surname , its feminine counterpart is Skumina .
Electroluminescence ( EL ) is an optical phenomenon and electrical phenomenon in which a material emits light in response to the passage of an electric current or to a strong electric field .
The Ohlone , formerly known as Costanoans ( from Spanish " costano " meaning " coast dweller " ) , are a Native American people of the Northern California coast .
Hugh Cook ( born 1942 ) is a Canadian novelist .
The Tupolev Tu-104 ( NATO reporting name : Camel ) was a twinjet medium-range narrow-body turbojet-powered Soviet airliner .
Backlash : In Your House was a professional wrestling pay-per-view ( PPV ) event produced by the World Wrestling Federation ( WWF ) promotion and presented by Castrol GTX , which took place on April 25 , 1999 , at the Providence Civic Center in Providence , Rhode Island .
" Love Will Tear Us Apart " is a song by Joy Division , released in June 1980 .
Tyhee is a census-designated place in Bannock County , Idaho , United States .
Constituency PK-90 ( Chitral-II ) is a constituency for the Khyber Pakhtunkhwa Assembly of the Khyber Pakhtunkhwa province of Pakistan .
Lay ministry is a term used for ministers of faiths in Christian denominations who do not have a professional seminary degree .
The Bengali alphabet ( , " bangla bo Bengali script ( , " bangla lipi " ) is the writing system , originating in the Indian subcontinent , for the Bengali language and is the fifth most widely used writing system in the world .
One of the hereditary motor and sensory neuropathies were a group of varied inherited disorders of the peripheral nervous system .  Charcot -- Marie -- Tooth disease ( CMT ) is one of sensory neuropathies .
An Indonesian engineer ( Gorontalese descent ) was President of Indonesia from 1998 to 1999 .
Mosley is a record label .  A record label was founded and formed by Timbaland .
Paul Birchall ( born 8 October 1979 ) is better known by Paul Burchill .

Conkling Park is a census-designated place in Kootenai County , Idaho , United States .
The Apache HTTP Server is free and open-source cross-platform web server software .  Free were released under the terms of Apache License 2 .
A Master of Arts ( ; abbreviated M.
Merce ̀ Rodoreda i Gurgui ́ ( -RSB- ; 10 October 1908 -- 13 April 1983 ) was a Spanish novelist , who wrote in Catalan .
Davy Crockett , King of the Wild Frontier is a 1955 adventure film produced by Walt Disney Productions .
Guilty Gear ( キ ルティキ ア ) is a series of fighting games by Arc System Works and designed by Daisuke Ishiwatari .
Franc ̧ ois Bourdoncle ( born 1964 ) is founder and Chief Strategist of the search engine company Exalead .
The Backyardigans is a CGI-animated musical children 's TV series created by Janice Burgess .
Rodents are containing the beavers .  Rodents are containing the kangaroo rats and kangaroo mice .
This was in Taiwan and East China .  Soulik was known in the Philippines .
A health care system provides health care and financial protection to all residents of a particular country or region .
This is in beds of one kind .  A railway passenger car can accommodate all its passengers for the purpose of making nighttime travel more restful .
Floodplain restoration is the process of fully or partially restoring a river 's floodplain to its original conditions before having been affected by the draining of wetlands and marshes .
" Little Green Bag " is a 1969 song written by George Baker ( born Hans Bouwens ) , and recorded by the George Baker Selection at the band \'s own expense .
Katra is a Finnish symphonic metal band founded by vocalist .
An open-access operator of train services was owned by Arriva UK Trains .
Thor ( stylized as THOR ) is a heavy metal band from Vancouver , British Columbia , Canada .
The green tree python ( " Morelia viridis " ) , is a species of python native to New Guinea , islands in Indonesia , and Cape York Peninsula in Australia .
This was from past versions of Windows .  User interface elements were intended to restore familiar features .
The Yakovlev Yak-52 is a Soviet primary trainer aircraft .
Xbox Games Store ( formerly Xbox Live Marketplace ) is a digital distribution platform .
The Rutaceae are a family of flowering plants , usually placed in the order Sapindales .
A coal burner ( or pulverized coal burner ) is a mechanical device .  This was into a flame in a controlled manner .
The 24th vice president of the United States was serving from 1897 until his death in 1899 .
Giulia Farnese ( 1474 -- 23 March 1524 ) was mistress to Pope Alexander VI .
Portuguese Canadians are Canadian citizens of full or partial Portuguese heritage or people .  People migrated from Portugal and reside .
The Tibetan partridge ( " Perdix hodgsoniae " ) is a gamebird in the pheasant family Phasianidae of the order Galliformes .
Industrial rock is an alternative rock genre .  An alternative rock genre fuses rock music .
This is with his wife .  Frank Wilton Marshall ( born September 13 , 1946 ) is an American film producer and director , often working in collaboration .
This was as Mario Strikers Charged Football and Mario Power Soccer .  Mario Strikers Charged were known in Europe and Australia .
Nikolai Nikolaevich Polikarpov ( ; 9 June O.
Johanna Bertha Julie Jenny von Westphalen ( 12 February 1814 -- 2 December 1881 ) was Karl Marx .
Oracle Database ( commonly referred to as Oracle RDBMS or simply as Oracle ) is a proprietary multi-model database management system produced and marketed by Oracle Corporation .
White Pines Forest State Park is more commonly referred to as White Pines State Park .
Algonquin College of Applied Arts and Technology is a publicly funded English-language college located in Ottawa , Ontario , Canada .
This was during the Second World War .  Class minesweeper built for the Royal Canadian Navy .
The 1470s decade ran from January 1 , 1470 .
SDB is Carlos Filipe Ximenes Belo .  SDB , GCL ( born 3 February 1948 ) is an East Timorese Roman Catholic bishop .
Caledonian Sleeper is the collective name for overnight sleeper train services between London and Scotland .
An animated cartoon character was featured in the Warner Bros. .
Oda ( or Odo ; died 958 ) was a 10th-century Archbishop of Canterbury in England .
The Ilyushin Il-114 ( Russian Илью ́ шин Ил-114 ) is a Russian twin-engine turboprop airliner , designed for local routes .
Phyllobates bicolor is also known as the black-legged poison frog , bicolored dart frog or neari in Choco .
Hydrophis ornatus is a species of venomous sea snake in the family Elapidae .
The 240SX is a sports car .  This was by Nissan in 1988 .
Mexican Canadians are Canadian citizens of Mexican ancestry or a Mexican-born person .
The 2050s ( pronounced " twenty-fifties " ) is a decade of the Gregorian calendar .  A decade of the Gregorian calendar will end on December 31 , 2059 .
The Stirling council area ( ; ) is one of the 32 council areas of Scotland .
Portable application creator suite by VMware can package conventional applications so that they become portable applications .
Denmark is an unincorporated community and census-designated place in northeastern Lee County , Iowa , United States .
Zeibekiko is a Greek folk dance .
A low-powered audio amplifier was designed particularly to drive headphones worn on or in the ears , instead of loudspeakers in speaker enclosures .
Phase 10 is a card game created in 1982 by Kenneth Johnson and sold by Mattel .
A bullpup is a firearm with its action and magazine behind the trigger .
A small commercial vehicle was produced by Fiat since 1977 .
Screamers is a 2006 documentary film directed by Carla Garapedian , conceived by Peter McAlevey and Garapedian and produced by McAlevey .
The Ford Windstar ( later the Ford Freestar and Mercury Monterey ) is a minivan .
There are over 100 museums in Seoul .
A trowel is a small hand tool .  A small hand tool was used for digging .
In mathematics , the modularity theorem ( formerly called the Taniyama -- Shimura conjecture ) states that elliptic curves over the field of rational numbers are related to modular forms .
A 2003 American musical comedy-drama film was directed by Jonathan Lynn .
Aer is an Indo-Aryan language spoken by 300 people in Sindh , Pakistan .
Franz Uri Boas ( 1858 -- 1942 ) was a German-born American anthropologist and a pioneer of modern anthropology .  A pioneer of modern anthropology has been called the " Father of American Anthropology " .
Instrument rating refers to the qualifications that a pilot must have in order to fly under instrument flight rules ( IFR ) .
This was from September 29 , 2011 .  An American sitcom originally aired on CBS to June 23 , 2012 .
Pierre Steffen Baigorry ( born 3 September 1971 ) is better known as Peter Fox .  Peter Fox is also known as Enuff and Pete Fox .
Jose ́ Zorrilla y Moral ( -RSB- ) was a Spanish poet and dramatist .
The 970s decade ran from January 1 , 970 .
Cigerxwi ̂ n or Cegerxwi ̂ n ( pronounced " Jigar Khwin " ; 1903 -- October 22 , 1984 ) was a renowned Kurdish polymath and nationalist .
Giancarlo Fisichella ( -RSB- ; born 14 January 1973 ) is also known as Fisico , Giano or Fisi .
The Sena Empire ( , " Shen Shamrajjo " ) was a Hindu dynasty during the Late Classical period on the Indian subcontinent , that ruled from Bengal through the 11th and 12th centuries .
The 1988 Summer Olympics ( Korean Korean : ; RR : " " -RSB- ) , officially known as the Games of the XXIV Olympiad , was an international multi-sport event September to 2 October 1988 in Seoul , South Korea .
Lata Mondal ( ; born : 16 January 1993 ) is a Bangladeshi cricketer .
She is a right handed batter .
Nicknamed " Lieselotte " was 27 May 1652 -- 8 .  The second wife of Philippe I is nicknamed " Lieselotte " December 1722 ) as " Madame " .
Her vast , frank correspondence provides a detailed account of the personalities and activities at the court of her brother-in-law , Louis XIV , for half a century , from the date of her marriage in 1672 .
This was to Charles I Louis .  Elisabeth Charlotte was born on 27 May 1652 in Heidelberg Castle .
In childhood she became known as " Liselotte " -- a portmanteau of her names .
This was from her abusive husband in Iran .  A 1991 American drama film was based on the book of depicting Betty Mahmoody .
Betty Mahmoody was the escape of American citizen .  This was from her abusive husband in Iran .
The NBC Symphony Orchestra was a radio orchestra established by David Sarnoff , especially for Arturo Toscanini .
Arturo Toscanini was the celebrated conductor .  The NBC Symphony Orchestra was a radio orchestra .
The NBC Symphony served as house orchestra for the NBC network .
This was with other conductors .  This was for the NBC network .
The orchestra 's first broadcast was on November 13 , 1937 and it continued until disbanded in 1954 .
The Palace was burnt to the ground during the Japanese invasion in 1592 and reconstructed in 1609 by Gwanghaegun .
The UNESCO committee stated the place was an " outstanding example of Far Eastern palace architecture and garden design " being exceptional because the buildings are " integrated into and harmonized with the natural setting " and adapted " to the topography and retaining indigenous tree cover .
Greer died on April 14 , 2018 , following a brief illness .
Thiel-sur-Acolin is a commune in the Allier department in Auvergne-Rho ̂ ne-Alpes in central France .
Thiel-sur-Acolin is a commune in the Allier department in Auvergne-Rho ̂ ne-Alpes in central France .
Ochiai Masayuki , born July 11 , 1981 is 落合 正幸 .  Masayuki Ochiai ( 落合 正幸 ) is a former Japanese football player .
Fernando del Paso Morante ( April 1 , 1935 - November 14 , 2018 ) was a Mexican novelist , essayist and poet .
In economics , land comprises all naturally occurring resources as well as geographic land .
Land is considered one of the three factors of production ( also sometimes called the three producer goods ) along with capital , and labor .
Landi Kotal is the main shopping centre for the Shinwari , Afridi , and Mulagori tribes of Khyber Agency .
William Lockhart was men under Sir .  The Afridis took the town again during the second Anglo-Afghan War .
This was to the Landi Kotal .  The heavily engineered Khyber Pass Railway was opened linking Jamrud .
The Cape May Bird Observatory was founded in 1975 in Cape May .  The Cape May Bird Observatory is sponsored by the New Jersey Audubon Society .
The purpose of the Cape May Bird Observatory is to conduct research , encourage conservation , and organize educational and recreational birding activities .
Cape May is at a crossroads for bird migration .
Subsequently , birders from all over the world have flocked to Cape May .
Author David Allen Sibley was also a Cape May birder .
Sibley wrote his classic field guide , " The Sibley Guide to Birds " .  He was living and birding in Cape May Point .
Sibley wrote his classic field guide , " The Sibley Guide to Birds " .  He was living and birding in Cape May Point .
Terrance Patrick Gannon ( born November 1 , 1963 , in Joliet , Illinois ) is a sportscaster for the Golf Channel , currently announcing golf and figure skating .
Terrance Patrick Gannon ( born November 1 , 1963 , in Joliet , Illinois ) is a sportscaster for the Golf Channel , currently announcing golf and figure skating .
He was suffering from prostate cancer and pneumonia .
Charles Cyphers ( born July 28 , 1939 ) is an American actor .
Charles Cyphers ( born July 28 , 1939 ) is an American actor .  An American actor has starred in many films and on television .
Additionally , Ronald Reagan , whose political career was based in California , was born and raised in the state .
This was with near-parity existing between the Republican and the Democratic parties .
Illinois has come to be seen as a solid " blue " state in presidential campaigns .
Bongos have two heavy and slightly spiralled horns that slope over their backs .  Both male and female bongos have horns .
Aston Villa is Premier League club .  An Egyptian professional footballer plays as a midfielder for the Egypt national team .
Aston Villa is Premier League club .  An Egyptian professional footballer plays as a midfielder for the Egypt national team .
This was with Al Ahly .  He was helping them win the 2012 CAF Champions League .
In 2015 , he joined Belgian team Anderlecht and the move was later made permanent .
However , he struggled to establish himself .  However , he spent the following two seasons on loan .
This is in comparison with felsic lava .  Mafic lava has a low viscosity .
This is like those in Hawaii .  Most mafic-lava volcanoes are shield volcanoes .
Dawson College was a CEGEP located in Montreal , Quebec , Canada .

Gill briefly forced him to carry a bag containing a fourth gun and additional ammunition .
Gill opened fire with a semi-automatic carbine .  The passerby fled the melee , leaving Gill 's bag .
This was such as Albrecht Du ̈ rer , Rembrandt , and Francisco Goya .  Many great European artists were dedicated printmakers .
The Bangsamoro Republik , officially the United Federated States of Bangsamoro Republik ( UFSBR ) , was a short-lived , self-proclaimed , unrecognized breakaway state in the Philippines .
Nur Misuari was chairman of the Moro National Liberation Front .  This was on July 27 , 2013 .
The Melbourne Storm are a rugby league team based in Melbourne , Victoria in Australia .
The Melbourne Storm are a rugby league team based in Melbourne , Victoria in Australia .
The Melbourne Storm are a rugby league team based in Melbourne , Victoria in Australia , that participate in the National Rugby League .
This was in 1999 , 2012 and 2017 .  Their inception were stripped of the 2007 and 2009 premierships .
Omi Yukitaka is 小見 幸隆 .  Omi Yukitaka is born December 15 , 1952 .
He played for Japan national team .
This is of several species of " Sylvilagus " ; their closest relative is .  The cottontail is one " , the pygmy rabbit .
Most " Sylvilagus " species have stub tails with white undersides .
However , this feature is not present in all cottontails nor is it unique to the genus .
The genus is widely distributed across North America .  Most species are confined to particular regions .
Most ( though not all ) species live in nests called forms .
Cottontail rabbits show a greater resistance to myxomatosis than European rabbits .
Mamaloe is Pipo and his wife .  Mamaloe is performing as a circus act .
Vieille-Chapelle is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Hauts-de-France region of France .
This was in Northern Italy .  This was during the late 1st century .
Pius I 's feast day is 11 July .
Byrne is married to Kathleen Watkins , formerly a well-known harpist .
The couple have two daughters ( both adopted ) .
He was to begin treatment for prostate cancer and that .  The cancer may have also spread to his lower back .
Galametz is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Hauts-de-France region of France .
Benjamin Franklin died from pleuritic attack on April 17 , 1790 .
A theoretical key based on D ♭ was consisting of the pitches D ♭ , E ♭ , F ♭ , G ♭ , A ♭ , B ♭ ♭ , and C ♭ .
Its key signature has six flats .
Mahler \'s thematic motif " der kleine Appell " ( " call to order " ) from his Fourth .
In the Adagio of his Symphony No .
Likewise , in the Adagio of Bruckner 's Symphony No .
Boris Vladimirovich Morukov ( ; 1 October 1950 -- 1 January 2015 ) was a Russian physician at the State Research Center RF-Institute for Biomedical Problems ( IBMP ) .
This is as a research-cosmonaut .  He trained with the Russian Federal Space Agency .
This is as a research-cosmonaut .  This was as a mission specialist .
Very few symphonies are written in this key " being one famous example .
Haydn \'s " Farewell Symphony was this key .  Very few symphonies are written in this key " being one famous example .
The 7 July 2005 London bombings were often referred to as 7/7 .  Commuters were travelling on the city 's public transport system .
Escherichia is a genus of Gram-negative , non-spore-forming , facultatively anaerobic , rod-shaped bacteria from the family Enterobacteriaceae .
The genus is named after Theodor Escherich , the discoverer of " Escherichia coli " .
Mile Mrks ̌ ic ́ ( ; 1 May 1947 -- 16 August 2015 ) was a Colonel of the Yugoslav People 's Army ( JNA ) .
Le Bernard is a commune in the Vende ́ e department in the Pays de la Loire region in western France .
Le Bernard is a commune in the Vende ́ e department in the Pays de la Loire region in western France .
Riverside County is one of 58 counties in the U.
Respiratory arrest was a result of pneumonia .  He died of respiratory arrest at a hospital in Beverly Hills , California , on January 29 , 2015 .
The association first convened in the 1960s , as interest .  Language was teaching and learning .
Peter Strevens was Chair in Applied Linguistics at the University of Essex .  BAAL 's creation was the result of a proposal by Peter Strevens .
This was what a narrower remit was discussed than the wider set of issues at a preliminary meeting of interested parties at Birkbeck College in July 1965 .  It might focus on language teaching .
This was what a narrower remit was discussed than the wider set of issues at a preliminary meeting of interested parties at Birkbeck College in July 1965 .  It might focus on language teaching .
BAAL emerged as the UK affiliate of AILA .
In 1985 , a requirement for formal qualifications , already flexible , was dropped .
In 1980 , the Association also began to publish what is now considered the leading journal in the field , " Applied Linguistics " .
A tadpole ( also called a pollywog ) is the larval stage in the life cycle of an amphibian , particularly that of a frog or toad .
Most respire by means of autonomous external or internal gills .
This is until the transition .  They have a large , flattened tail with which they swim by lateral undulation , similar to most fish .
They do not usually have arms or legs .  They have a large , flattened tail with which they swim by lateral undulation , similar to most fish .
August 8 was 1866March 9 , 1955 .  This was over a period of nearly 23 years .
O ` Dell later wrote a sequel .  A sequel was published in 1976 .
Flavours included raspberry , citrus , apple , tangerine , and mango .
A Canadian former professional ice hockey player last played for the Edinburgh Capitals of the Elite Ice Hockey League ( EIHL ) .
He is the younger brother of Eric Staal of the Minnesota Wild .  He is Jordan Staal of the Carolina Hurricanes .
Taipei Metro was the first metro system in Taiwan .
Taipei Metro was the first metro system in Taiwan .
This was with most rail lines running radially outward from central Taipei .  The system is designed based on spoke-hub distribution paradigm .
This was during special events ( such as New Year festivities ) .  This was with extended services .
This is depending on the line and time of day .  Trains operate at intervals of 1:30 to 15 minutes .
While eating , drinking , and chewing gum and betel nuts are forbidden within the paid area .
Automated station announcements are recorded in Mandarin , English , Hokkien , and Hakka .
Beaufort is located in North Carolina \'s " Inner Banks " region .
Beaufort is located south of the center of Carteret County at ( 34 .
This is according to the United States Census Bureau .  Beaufort has a total area of 14 .
Sonic Firestorm is the second studio album by British power metal band DragonForce .  British power metal band DragonForce was released through Noise Records on 11 May 2004 .
" the English rock band the Beatles " Abbey Road " .
She became known as " Polythene Pat " .
Anne Shirley ( born Dawn Evelyeen Paris , April 17 , 1918 -- July 4 , 1993 ) was an American actress .
A form of government ( polity ) were aristocracy and monarchy .  Mixed government ( or a mixed constitution ) is a form of government .
Berneuil is a commune in the Somme department in Hauts-de-France in northern France .
Berneuil is a commune in the Somme department in Hauts-de-France in northern France .
Parides childrenae , the green-celled cattleheart , is a species of butterfly in the family Papilionidae .
Parides childrenae is a species of butterfly in the family Papilionidae .
The upperside of the wings is black .
The male has a small pale yellow subapical spot on the forewing .
The male has a small pale yellow subapical spot on the forewing .
There is a red patch on the hindwing .
The female has a small white patch on the trailing edge of the forewing .
The female has a small white patch on the trailing edge of the forewing .
There is a band of red spots across the hindwing .
The male has a few red spots on the hindwing .
This was what it can be deduced from this .  This was until the end of 1550 .
Ries did not write his works , as was usual at that time , but in German .
Abdur Razak Khan or Razzaq Khan ( 1951 -- 1 June 2016 ) was an Indian film actor .
This was as Ninja Chacha in the 1999 film " Hello .  As Takkar Pehelwan in " Akhiyon Se Goli Maare " His noted last film , dates yet to be announced .
This was following a heart attack .  Khan died around 12:30 AM June 2016 .

After the February Revolution of 1917 , on April 3 O.
This was during the Russian Civil War .  The Western powers had been allied in World War I .
During the Cold War Murmansk was a center of Soviet submarine and icebreaker activity .
In 1984 , the Hotel Arctic became the tallest building above the Arctic Circle .
This is with long and cold winters and short , cool summers .
Mainz ( , -RSB- is the capital and largest city of Rhineland-Palatinate , Germany .
The Snake River Plain is a geologic feature .
The 1957 Formula One season was the 11th season of FIA Formula One motor racing .
Following the 2014 season , the Diamondbacks traded Montero to Jeferson Mejia and Zack Godley .
This was along with Derby Central Library , in a new building designed by Richard Knill Freeman and given to Derby by Michael Thomas Bass .
The collection includes a gallery displaying many paintings by Joseph Wright of Derby .  There is also a large display of Royal Crown Derby .
This was to Derby Museum and Art Gallery .  This was for its nationally significant holdings of paintings and drawings .
This was for " Vision of Love " , " Love Takes Time " , and " Someday , " as she admitted that she did not like some of her early music videos .
Wesley worked as a conductor as well as a music teacher and lecturer .
The green economy is defined as economy .  That aims for sustainable development .
The green economy is defined as economy .  That aims for sustainable development .
In 2012 , the ICC published the Green Economy Roadmap .  This was from around the globe .
The ' Green Economy ' based on using price mechanisms to protect nature .  A number of organisations and individuals were arguing that this will extend corporate control into new areas from forestry to water .
ETC Group is The research organisation .  ETC Group argues that the corporate emphasis on bio-economy " will spur even greater convergence of corporate power and unleash the most massive resource grab in more than 500 years .
Venezuelan professor Edgardo Lander says that the UNEP \'s report , " Towards a Green Economy " , while well-intentioned " ignores the fact that the capacity of existing political systems to establish regulations and restrictions to the free operation of the markets -- even when a large majority of the population call for them -- is seriously limited by the political and financial power of the corporations .
This is what Ulrich Hoffmann , in a paper for UNCTAD says .  Green growth " in particular , " will not be sufficient to cope with the complexities of climate change " and " Green Economy and .
This was based on an evolutionary ( and often reductionist ) approach .  Green growth " in particular , " will not be sufficient to cope with the complexities of climate change " and " Green Economy and .
Televisio ́ n Nacional de Chile ( TVN ) is a Chilean public service broadcaster .
Higher Learning is a 1995 American drama film written and directed by John Singleton and starring an ensemble cast .
Kimbra Lee Johnson ( born 27 March 1990 ) , is a New Zealand singer and actress .
Her debut album , " Vows " , was released in Australia .
Kimbra was featured on the 2012 multi-platinum single " Somebody That I Used to Know " by Gotye .
February 2013 , she and Gotye won the Record of the Year / Group Performance awards at the 55th Annual Grammy Awards for " Somebody .
Hurricane Audrey was one of the deadliest tropical cyclones in U.
Somali is spoken by Somalis in Somalia , Somaliland , Djibouti , Ethiopia , Yemen , Kenya , and by the Somali diaspora .
The Somali language is written officially with the Latin alphabet .
Kazuya Maeda ( 前田 和哉 ) is a former Japanese football player who last featured for Giravanz Kitakyushu .
He could induce behaviors from excitement to apathy ; depending on the region of stimulation .
He is stimulating the hypothalamus .  He could induce behaviors from excitement to apathy ; depending on the region of stimulation .
He could induce different types of responses when stimulating the anterior ( lateral ) hypothalamus compared to stimulating the posterior ventromedial hypothalamus .
When stimulating the anterior part , he could induce fall of blood pressure , slowing of respiration and responses such as hunger , thirst , micturition ( urination ) and defecation .
This was on the other hand .  Stimulation of the posterior part led to extreme excitement and defense-like behavior .
Rudolf Max Hess was his son .  He could induce sleep in cats -- a finding .
This is in graph theory .  A shortest closed path or circuit visits every edge of an ( connected ) undirected graph .
The problem was originally studied by the Chinese mathematician Kwan Mei-Ko in 1960 , whose Chinese paper was translated into English in 1962 .
Robin van Persie ( -RSB- ; born 6 August 1983 ) is a Dutch former professional footballer who played as a forward .
He and others did not agree with the party leadership , in particular with Agostinho Neto .
This was in the 1960s .  He was well known as having helped create the MPLA .
The Chinese government welcomed him .  He wanted to help them bring Maoist-inspired revolution .
This was following the fighting in the MPLA .  Viriato da Cruz went to Beijing , China .
He wanted to help them bring Maoist-inspired revolution to Africa .
The last years of his life were unhappy and difficult .
Cruz was weak and without much food .  He died on 13 June 1973 .
His body was taken away in a military vehicle .  His body was buried without ceremony .
This is among these poems .  Santo " ( Holy One ) and " Make .
Landeronde is a commune in the Vende ́ e department in the Pays de la Loire region in western France .
Landeronde is a commune in the Vende ́ e department in the Pays de la Loire region in western France .
This was during an attempt .  He was killed by Indian agency police , at a time when authorities feared that he would join the Ghost Dance movement .
Pakistan has a multicultural and multi-ethnic society .  Pakistan hosts one of the largest refugee populations in the world as well as a young population .
This is in the northern half .  An arc was formed by the cities of Faisalabad , Lahore , Rawalpindi , Sargodha , Islamabad , Multan , Gujranwala , Sialkot , Nowshera , Swabi , Mardan , and Peshawar .
Warfarin is a medication that is used as an anticoagulant ( blood thinner ) .
Close monitoring of the degree of anticoagulation is required by a blood test measuring an INR .
Maicon Douglas Sisenando ( born 26 July 1981 ) is known as Maicon ( -RSB- ) .
Maceio ́ ( -RSB- ) is the capital .  Maceio ́ ( -RSB- ) is the largest city of the coastal state of Alagoas , Brazil .
The city is located between Mundau ́ Lagoon and the Atlantic Ocean .
O ̈ stersund was established on 5 September 1974 when Ope IF 's bandy section was disestablished .
O ̈ stersund is Sweden .  O ̈ stersund , Sweden , was established on 5 September 1974 when Ope IF 's bandy section was disestablished .
The Treaty is a key event in Dutch history .  Westphalia was ending the Thirty Years ' War .
( formerly Blake and the Aliens ) is an American-French children 's animated television series .
Blake Myers was an adventurous boy .  An adventurous boy is destined to one day become a space ranger who protects humanity from alien squirrels called " Squaliens " .
This was to prevent Blake from fulfilling this destiny .
The term " jinja " ( 神社 ) , now the most common , was rare .
The second album was created by the Swedish metal band HammerFall .
Approximation theory is concerned with how functions can best be approximated with simpler functions , and with quantitatively characterizing the errors .
The first staged performance of the opera in the U.
The Pe ̀ re David \'s deer ( " Elaphurus davidianus " ) , also known as the milu or elaphure , is a species of deer that went extinct in the wild , but has been reintroduced in some areas .
The Pe ̀ re David \'s deer ( " Elaphurus davidianus " ) , also known as the milu or elaphure , is a species of deer that went extinct in the wild , but has been reintroduced in some areas .
A few of the deer had previously been illegally transported to Europe for exhibition and breeding .
Herbrand Russell was 11th Duke of Bedford .  Herbrand Russell was instrumental in saving the species .
Hastings was the efforts of Bedford .  The species were threatened again by both World Wars .
The current world population stems from the Woburn Abbey herd .
This was with a herd of 20 deer ( 5 males and 15 females ) .
The population in China expanded to around 2,000 .
Rockwell then painted " Freedom , " Freedom of Speech " , " Freedom of Worship " and " Freedom from Fear " .
Marœuil ( or Maroeuil ) is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Hauts-de-France region of France .
Juventus is Serie A club .  An Italian professional footballer captains the Italy national team .
Juventus is Serie A club .  An Italian professional footballer captains the Italy national team .
Mohamed Said Fofana ( born 1952 ) was the Prime Minister of Guinea .
This was from 2010 to 2015 .  Mohamed Said Fofana ( born 1952 ) was the Prime Minister of Guinea .
S / 2004 S 12 is a natural satellite of Saturn .
S / 2004 S 12 is about 5 kilometres in diameter , and orbits Saturn at an average distance of 19,906 Gm in 1048 .
A ́ rritu ( ; -RSB- ; born 15 August 1963 ) is a Mexican film director .
was an adaptation based on the musical itself and not the 1965 film version .
Municipality ( " Ba ̊ stads kommun " ) is a municipality in Ska ̊ County in South Sweden .
Its seat is located in the town of Ba ̊ stad .
David Robert Joseph Beckham ( ; born 2 May 1975 ) is the current president of Inter Miami CF .
This was for which he held the appearance record for an outfield player until 2016 .  He played for Manchester United , Preston North End , Real Madrid , Milan , LA Galaxy , Paris Saint-Germain and the England national team .
LA Galaxy was Major League Soccer club .  In July 2007 , Beckham signed a five-year contract with LA Galaxy .
Four children : Brooklyn Joseph ( born 4 March 1999 at Portland Hospital , London ) ( born 1 September 2002 at Portland Hospital , London ) were Cruz David ( born 20 February 2005 at Ruber International Hospital ) .
Elson Bakili Muluzi ( born March 17 , 1941 in Machinga , Nyasaland ) is a Malawian politician .
Elson Bakili Muluzi ( born March 17 , 1941 in Machinga , Nyasaland ) is a Malawian politician who was the first freely elected President of Malawi from 1994 to 2004 .
He succeeded Hastings Kamuzu Banda as Malawi 's president .
Hepburn : Rabu Hina was japanese : ラフ ひな .  Love Hina ( Japanese : ラフ ひな ) is a Japanese manga series written and illustrated by Ken Akamatsu .
Love Hina ( Japanese : ラフ ひな , Hepburn : Rabu Hina ) is a Japanese manga series written and illustrated by Ken Akamatsu .
Barrel racing is a rodeo event in which a horse and rider attempt to complete a cloverleaf pattern around preset barrels in the fastest time .
A boyar was a member of the highest rank of the feudal Bulgarian , Russian , Serbian , Wallachian , Moldavian .  This is from the 10th century .
This was during the 14th and 15th centuries .  The boyars of Moscow had considerable influence .
This was at 234 Bloor Street West in Toronto .  The first Swiss Chalet restaurant operated for 52 years .
This store closed in 2006 .  This store was demolished in 2009 .
Air Canada added Swiss Chalet food products to its buy-on-board menu .
Peru advanced to the inter-confederation play-offs .
In baseball , a fair ball is a batted ball .  A batted ball entitles the batter to attempt to reach first base .
Dead Calm is a 1963 novel by Charles F.
Honeymooners John and Rae Ingram take their yacht for a cruise through the Indian Ocean .  They rescue a young man , Hughie , from a lifeboat .
In the 1980s , the Jerusalem artichoke also gained some notoriety .  Its seeds were planted by Midwestern US farmers at the prodding of an agricultural attempt .
This was in that part of the US .  Contacts were made with the fresh food market for markets .
The only real profits then in this effort were realized by a few first-year growers ( who sold some of their seed to other farmers individually as well as with the help of the company attempting this venture ) .
As a result , many of the farmers lost money .  The farmers had planted large quantities of the crop .
Many editions were the last issued in 2005 .  This was through many editions .
Novels including the first story travel using a machine .  A Spanish diplomat and writer wrote plays , " zarzuelas " ( light operas ) .
Novels including the first story travel using a machine .  A Spanish diplomat and writer wrote plays , " zarzuelas " ( light operas ) .
English law is the common law legal system of England and Wales , comprising mainly criminal law and civil law , each branch having its own courts and procedures .
English law is the common law legal system of England and Wales , comprising mainly criminal law and civil law , each branch having its own courts and procedures .
Common law is a term with historical origins in the legal system of England .
The Singapore Arms and Flag define the flag \'s composition and the symbolism of its elements : red symbolises " universal brotherhood and equality of man " , and white , " pervading and everlasting purity and virtue " .
The five stars " stand for the nation \'s ideals of democracy , peace , progress , justice and equality " .
This is throughout the year .  Singaporean citizens , government and non-governmental organisations may display or fly the national flag .
This is throughout the year .  Singaporean citizens , government and non-governmental organisations may display or fly the national flag .
The World Wide Fund for Nature ( WWF ) is an international non-governmental organization founded in 1961 , working in the field of the wilderness preservation , and the reduction of human impact on the environment .
It was formerly named the World Wildlife Fund .  This is in the United States .
WWF is working in more than 100 countries , supporting around 1,300 conservation and environmental projects .
WWF is working in more than 100 countries , supporting around 1,300 conservation and environmental projects .
" Wake Me Up " is a song by Swedish DJ .  " Universal Music Group \' s Island Records on 17 June 2013 .
" Wake Me Up " is a song by Swedish DJ .  " Universal Music Group \' s Island Records on 17 June 2013 .
" Wake Me Up " was written by Avicii , Mike Einziger , and Aloe Blacc .
Aloe Blacc provides vocals for the track .  Mike Einziger of Incubus provides acoustic guitar .
Ne ́ donchel is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Hauts-de-France region of France .
In the Eurovision the song competed in the second semi-final on 14 May 2009 , where it was performed eleventh , following Slovenia and preceding Azerbaijan .
A radio network launched on September 30 , 2013 .  This was in a partnership between both the network and iHeartMedia .
Jujutsu ( ; ) is a Japanese martial art .  Jujutsu ( ; ) is also known as jujitsu .
Nihon koryu ̄ ju ̄ jutsu was 日本古流柔術 .  Unarmed combat were developed and practiced during the Muromachi period .
The Royal Chapel of Dreux ( " Chapelle royale de Dreux " ) is the traditional burial place of members of the House of Orle ́ ans .  Dreux ( " Chapelle royale de Dreux " ) is situated in Dreux , France .
An American film actress was best-remembered for her appearances in film noir and Westerns .
An American film actress was best-remembered for her appearances in film noir and Westerns .
A discovery of Hal Wallis , she appeared in " I with Lizabeth Scott and Burt Lancaster , " Jungle Patrol " ( 1948 ) , " Too Late for Tears " ( 1949 ) , " Shadow on the Wall " ( 1950 ) .
On July 27 , 1953 , Miller finally married William Schuyler in Santa Barbara .
This was what a family spokesperson announced on February 4 , 2016 .  Miller had died at the age of 90 .
This was in late 2015 .  Miller had died at the age of 90 at a hospital in Monterey , California .
He supports the right for women to have an abortion .
The Matariki Network of Universities ( MNU ) is an international group of universities that focuses on strong links between research and undergraduate teaching .


Cayenne ( ; -RSB- ) is the capital city of French Guiana , an overseas region and department of France .
The city stands on a former island at the mouth of the Cayenne River .
Under the Ko ̈ ppen climate classification , Cayenne has a tropical monsoon climate ( " Am " ) .
John Mercer Langston ( December 14 , 1829 -- November 15 , 1897 ) was an abolitionist , attorney , educator , activist , diplomat , and politician in the United States .
An African American became the first dean of the law school .
It is part of the Killeen -- Temple -- Fort Hood Metropolitan Statistical Area .
Lysekil Municipality ( " Lysekils kommun " ) is a municipality in Va ̈ stra Go ̈ .
Its seat is located in the city of Lysekil .


The studio 's films are distributed worldwide by Sony Pictures Releasing under their Columbia Pictures label .  All direct-to-video releases are released by Sony Pictures Home Entertainment .
The first Sony Pictures Animation film , " Open Season " , was released on September 29 , 2006 .
Kangkar LRT station ( SE4 ) is an LRT station on the east loop of Sengkang LRT Line in Rivervale , Singapore .
Kangkar LRT station ( SE4 ) is an LRT station on the east loop of Sengkang LRT Line in Rivervale , Singapore .
Kangkar LRT station ( SE4 ) is an LRT station on the east loop of Sengkang LRT Line in Rivervale , Singapore .
The station was a familiar landmark to older generation of the residents .
James Anthony " Tony is a Manx politician .  Electrician was the Chief Minister of the Isle of Man from 2006 until October 2011 .
Brown OBE ( born 5 January 1950 ) is a Manx politician .  Electrician was the Chief Minister of the Isle of Man from 2006 .
Brown was educated at Castle Rushen High School .  Brown was being the proprietor of Tony Brown Electrics in Castletown .
Brown was born on 5 January 1950 .  Brown was educated at Victoria Road Primary , Castletown and Castle Rushen High School .
He was re-elected in November 2006 .  He was beating Roy Redmayne .
Steve Rodan was John Shimmin or David Cannan being elected .
Nagai Hideki is 永井 秀樹 .  Nagai Hideki is born January 26 , 1971 .
In 1951 , Boryla scored nine points in the inaugural NBA All-Star Game .  In 1951 , Boryla played in the NBA Finals in 1951 and 1953 .
In 1951 , Boryla played in the NBA Finals in 1951 and 1953 .
Boryla did not participate in the 1952 playoffs .
Beginning in 1995 , Weaver worked primarily as a voice actor .  Beginning in 1995 , Weaver was providing narration for programs on the History Channel .
McCook County is South Dakota , United States .  Salem is the county seat of McCook County .
The population was 1,347 at the 2010 census .
This was at some universities .  Computer engineering is referred to as computer science and engineering .
Typically one must learn an array of mathematics such as calculus .
Broadbridge Heath , near Horsham , West Sussex , England was Field Place .
July 1822 , less than a month before his 30th birthday drowned in a sudden storm on the Gulf of Spezia while returning from Leghorn ( Livorno ) to Lerici in his sailing boat " .
The Cessna 188 is a family of light agricultural aircraft .  This was by the Cessna Aircraft Company .
The Cessna 188 is a family of light agricultural aircraft .  Light agricultural aircraft was produced between 1966 and 1983 by the Cessna Aircraft Company .
Reza Alinejad ( born September 21 , 1985 ) was a 17-year old Iranian man accused of killing another man in self defence and sentenced to death by hanging .
Reza 's case was transferred to Iran 's Head of Judiciary Mahmoud Hashemi Shahroudi for review .
Height : S = Spire , R = Roof .
An index published annually by Transparency International since 1995 ranks countries " by their perceived levels of public sector corruption , as determined by expert assessments and opinion surveys .
Siegfried Rauch ( 2 April 1932 -- 11 March 2018 ) was a German film and television actor .
In the 1970s , Rauch appeared in the 1970 Hollywood film " Patton " as Captain Steiger .
In Samuel Fuller \'s " The Big Red One " , Rauch played a German army sergeant only from a German perspective .
Rauch died on 11 March 2018 from sudden heart failure .  Sudden heart failure caused him to fall down stairs at a fire station near his home in Oberso ̈ chering near Munich .
The former municipalities of Chesalles-sur-Moudon , Brenles , Cremin , Forel-sur-Lucens and Sarzens merged into the municipality of Lucens .
Peyton List ( born August 8 , 1986 ) is professional model , known for roles on " Mad Men " , " FlashForward " , " The Tomorrow People " and " Frequency " .
Chapel Hill was North Carolina on July 23 , 1985 .
In 1897 , Otto Mønsted purchased three parcels of land .  This was on the site .
The Jesus Church in Valby , the National Gallery , and the Ny Carlsberg Glyptotek were the Hotel D ' Angleterre .
This was in their mansion .  Mønsted kept Copenhagen 's most expensive car .
This was in the garage .  Mønsted kept Copenhagen 's most expensive car .
This was in the garage .  Mønsted kept Copenhagen 's most expensive car .
Anna Mønsted sold the mansion .  Musse Scheel , a Danish actress became the last private owner of the mansion .
Musse Scheel was a Danish actress .  Musse Scheel became the last private owner of the mansion .
An animal lover kept a hen house .  An animal lover was widely regarded as being eccentric .
Scheel , an animal lover kept a hen house .  An animal lover sold eggs .
During the occupation of Denmark by Nazi Germany , the mansion was the headquarters of the " Northern Society " which promoted cultural co-operation between Nazi Germany and the Nordic countries .
Germany was the occupation of Denmark by Nazi .  Germany was cultural co-operation between Nazi .
The Soviet Union signed a contract .  In 1950 , the Soviet Union was leasing the mansion for 20,000 kroner per year .
According to / 6103 § 6103 , Independence Day is a federal holiday .  All non-essential federal institutions ( such as the postal service and federal courts ) are closed on that day .
Families often celebrate Independence Day by .  Many take advantage of the day off and , in some years , a long weekend .

This is at such places as parks , fairgrounds , or town squares .  While fireworks displays occur in the evening .
Ernest Rutherford was a New Zealand physicist .  A New Zealand physicist came to be known as the father of nuclear physics .
Radioactive half-life was the radioactive element .  Rutherford discovered the concept of radioactive half-life .
This was at the University of Cambridge .  Rutherford became Director of the Cavendish Laboratory in 1919 .
One cat from all four Clan ' s is chosen to journey and find a new home for the cats to live .
They is believing him to be the cat .  The cat will save them .
This is into its neck .  She dies plunging a rock , killing it .
Jaypaw , Lionblaze , and Hollyleaf then head towards another Clan 's territory .
We Need to Talk " was written by Victoria Holmes for a tour .  A play titled " After Sunset .
The script was released to the public on the official site for the " Warriors " series .
They are widespread in tropical and subtropical waters .
" Antillesoma antillarum " has been found inhabiting mollusc shell middens .
The Free Democratic Party ( , FDP ) is a liberal and classical liberal political party in Germany .
The Democratic Party of Germany ( DPD ) was established in Tauber on 17 March 1947 as a pan-German party of liberals from all four occupation zones .
From 1998 until 2009 the FDP remained in the opposition .
The birth date is February 27 , 1858 Pedro Alejandro Paterno y Debera Ignacio " ( February 17 , 1857 -- April 26 , 1911 ; .
He was also a poet and novelist .
This was in the middle of 1899 .  He served as prime minister of the First Philippine Republic .